(S
(Sil
(Silen
(Silence
(Silence)
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wil
>» Wilfo
>» Wilford
>» Wilford:
>» Wilford: Th
>» Wilford: The
>» Wilford: The fu
>» Wilford: The fulc
>» Wilford: The fulcru
>» Wilford: The fulcrum
is
is o
is one
is one o
is one of
is one of th
is one of the
is one of the mo
is one of the most
is one of the most p
is one of the most pow
is one of the most power
is one of the most powerfu
is one of the most powerful
to
tool
is one of the most powerful
tools
tools an
is one of the most powerful
tools an E
tools an Eng
is one of the most powerful
tools an Engin
tools an Enginee
is one of the most powerful
tools an Engineer
tools an Engineer ha
is one of the most powerful
tools an Engineer has
tools an Engineer has in
hi
his
tools an Engineer has in
his ar
his arse
tools an Engineer has in
his arsena
his arsenal.
♪
Th
The
The pr
The pres
The pressu
The pressure
The pressure p
The pressure poi
The pressure point
The pressure point b
The pressure point by
wh
whic
The pressure point by
which
which al
The pressure point by
which all
which all th
The pressure point by
which all thin
which all things
The pressure point by
which all things p
which all things piv
The pressure point by
which all things pivot
which all things pivot.
♪
A
A si
A simp
A simple
A simple l
A simple lev
A simple lever
A simple lever t
A simple lever tha
A simple lever that
ca
can
A simple lever that
can ma
can make
A simple lever that
can make c
can make chi
A simple lever that
can make child
can make childre
A simple lever that
can make children
can make children te
A simple lever that
can make children teet
can make children teeter
on
on t
can make children teeter
on the
on the b
can make children teeter
on the bri
on the brink
can make children teeter
on the brink,
on the brink, or
can make children teeter
on the brink, or s
on the brink, or sav
can make children teeter
on the brink, or save
on the brink, or save th
can make children teeter
on the brink, or save them
fr
from
on the brink, or save them
from c
from cer
on the brink, or save them
from certa
from certain
on the brink, or save them
from certain d
from certain dea
on the brink, or save them
from certain death
from certain death.
(Discordant music)
♪
This is Joseph Wilford...
(Gasping)
..
...
... Wi
... With
... With a
... With a p
... With a pro
... With a prope
... With a proper
... With a proper fu
... With a proper fulc
... With a proper fulcru
... With a proper fulcrum
in
in t
... With a proper fulcrum
in the
in the r
... With a proper fulcrum
in the rig
in the right
... With a proper fulcrum
in the right p
in the right pos
... With a proper fulcrum
in the right posit
in the right positio
... With a proper fulcrum
in the right position.
in the right position...
Uh
Uh..
in the right position...
Uh...
..
...
Uh...
... Mo
... Moun
Uh...
... Mounta
... Mountain
Uh...
... Mountains
... Mountains ca
Uh...
... Mountains can
... Mountains can be
Uh...
... Mountains can be m
... Mountains can be mov
Uh...
... Mountains can be moved
... Mountains can be moved.
Ti
Tide
... Mountains can be moved.
Tides
Tides ca
... Mountains can be moved.
Tides can
Tides can be
... Mountains can be moved.
Tides can be t
Tides can be tur
... Mountains can be moved.
Tides can be turne
Tides can be turned.
He
Hear
Tides can be turned.
Hearts
Hearts a
Tides can be turned.
Hearts and
Hearts and m
Tides can be turned.
Hearts and min
Hearts and minds
Tides can be turned.
Hearts and minds c
Hearts and minds can
Tides can be turned.
Hearts and minds can b
Hearts and minds can be
ma
mani
Hearts and minds can be
manipu
manipula
Hearts and minds can be
manipulate
manipulated.
>» Voice: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wil
>» Wilfo
>» Wilford
>» Wilford:
>» Wilford: (G
>» Wilford: (Gro
>» Wilford: (Groan
>» Wilford: (Groans)
♪
>»
>» S
>» Sti
>» Still
>» Still c
>» Still can
>» Still can't
>» Still can't b
>» Still can't bel
>» Still can't belie
>» Still can't believe
>» Still can't believe i
>» Still can't believe it.
Th
The
>» Still can't believe it.
The gr
The grea
>» Still can't believe it.
The great
The great Jo
>» Still can't believe it.
The great Jose
The great Joseph
>» Still can't believe it.
The great Joseph W
The great Joseph Wil
>» Still can't believe it.
The great Joseph Wilfo
The great Joseph Wilford
he
here
The great Joseph Wilford
here i
here in
The great Joseph Wilford
here in my
here in my f
The great Joseph Wilford
here in my fac
here in my facil
The great Joseph Wilford
here in my facilit
here in my facility.
Ad
Admi
here in my facility.
Admira
Admiral
here in my facility.
Admiral An
Admiral Anto
here in my facility.
Admiral Anton
Admiral Anton Mi
here in my facility.
Admiral Anton Mili
Admiral Anton Milius
here in my facility.
Admiral Anton Milius.
I'
I'm
Admiral Anton Milius.
I'm at
I'm at y
Admiral Anton Milius.
I'm at you
I'm at your
Admiral Anton Milius.
I'm at your se
I'm at your serv
Admiral Anton Milius.
I'm at your servic
I'm at your service,
Admiral Anton Milius.
I'm at your service, s
I'm at your service, sir
Admiral Anton Milius.
I'm at your service, sir.
»>
»> W
I'm at your service, sir.
»> Whe
»> Where
I'm at your service, sir.
»> Where a
»> Where am
I'm at your service, sir.
»> Where am I?
>» Where am I?
»>
»> B
>» Where am I?
»> Bun
»> Bunke
>» Where am I?
»> Bunker
»> Bunker Br
>» Where am I?
»> Bunker Brav
»> Bunker Bravo
>» Where am I?
»> Bunker Bravo Th
»> Bunker Bravo Thre
>» Where am I?
»> Bunker Bravo Three-
»> Bunker Bravo Three-Ze
>» Where am I?
»> Bunker Bravo Three-Zero
»> Bunker Bravo Three-Zero,
>» Bunker Bravo Three-Zero,
Dj
Djib
>» Bunker Bravo Three-Zero,
Djibou
Djibouti
>» Bunker Bravo Three-Zero,
Djibouti,
Djibouti, un
>» Bunker Bravo Three-Zero,
Djibouti, unde
Djibouti, under
In
Inte
Djibouti, under
Intern
Internat
Djibouti, under
Internatio
Internationa
Djibouti, under
International
International Pe
Djibouti, under
International Peac
International Peacek
Djibouti, under
International Peacekee
International Peacekeepi
Djibouti, under
International Peacekeeping
Fo
Forc
International Peacekeeping
Forces
Forces C
International Peacekeeping
Forces Com
Forces Comma
International Peacekeeping
Forces Command
Forces Command.
We
We j
Forces Command.
We jus
We just
Forces Command.
We just ca
We just call
Forces Command.
We just call i
We just call it
Forces Command.
We just call it th
We just call it the
Forces Command.
We just call it the Si
We just call it the Silo
Forces Command.
We just call it the Silo.
We
We'v
We just call it the Silo.
We've
We've be
We just call it the Silo.
We've been
We've been t
We just call it the Silo.
We've been tra
We've been track
We just call it the Silo.
We've been trackin
We've been tracking
Sn
Snow
We've been tracking
Snowpi
Snowpier
We've been tracking
Snowpierce
Snowpiercer
We've been tracking
Snowpiercer fo
Snowpiercer for
We've been tracking
Snowpiercer for mo
Snowpiercer for mont
We've been tracking
Snowpiercer for months
Snowpiercer for months.
We
We'r
Snowpiercer for months.
We're
We're on
Snowpiercer for months.
We're on a
We're on a m
Snowpiercer for months.
We're on a mis
We're on a missi
Snowpiercer for months.
We're on a mission
We're on a mission a
Snowpiercer for months.
We're on a mission and
We're on a mission and f
Snowpiercer for months.
We're on a mission and fro
We're on a mission and from
Snowpiercer for months.
We're on a mission and from wh
We're on a mission and from what
my
my p
We're on a mission and from what
my peo
my peopl
We're on a mission and from what
my people
my people sa
We're on a mission and from what
my people say,
my people say, y
We're on a mission and from what
my people say, you
my people say, your
We're on a mission and from what
my people say, your tr
my people say, your trai
We're on a mission and from what
my people say, your train
co
coul
my people say, your train
could
could ho
my people say, your train
could hold
could hold a
my people say, your train
could hold a k
could hold a key
my people say, your train
could hold a key t
could hold a key to
my people say, your train
could hold a key to it
could hold a key to its
my people say, your train
could hold a key to its su
could hold a key to its succ
my people say, your train
could hold a key to its succes
could hold a key to its success.
So
So m
could hold a key to its success.
So may
So maybe
could hold a key to its success.
So maybe t
So maybe the
could hold a key to its success.
So maybe there
So maybe there's
could hold a key to its success.
So maybe there's a
So maybe there's a w
could hold a key to its success.
So maybe there's a way
So maybe there's a way w
could hold a key to its success.
So maybe there's a way we
ca
can
So maybe there's a way we
can he
can help
So maybe there's a way we
can help e
can help eac
So maybe there's a way we
can help each
can help each ot
So maybe there's a way we
can help each othe
can help each other
So maybe there's a way we
can help each other ou
can help each other out
So maybe there's a way we
can help each other out he
can help each other out here
So maybe there's a way we
can help each other out here.
»>
»> W
can help each other out here.
»> Wil
»> Wilfo
can help each other out here.
»> Wilford
»> Wilford:
can help each other out here.
»> Wilford: As
»> Wilford: As a
can help each other out here.
»> Wilford: As an
»> Wilford: As an En
can help each other out here.
»> Wilford: As an Engi
»> Wilford: As an Engine
can help each other out here.
»> Wilford: As an Engineer
»> Wilford: As an Engineer,
>» Wilford: As an Engineer,
I'
I'll
>» Wilford: As an Engineer,
I'll p
I'll pul
>» Wilford: As an Engineer,
I'll pull
I'll pull ev
>» Wilford: As an Engineer,
I'll pull ever
I'll pull every
>» Wilford: As an Engineer,
I'll pull every le
I'll pull every leve
>» Wilford: As an Engineer,
I'll pull every lever,
us
use
I'll pull every lever,
use ev
use ever
I'll pull every lever,
use every
use every to
I'll pull every lever,
use every tool
use every tool i
I'll pull every lever,
use every tool in
use every tool in my
I'll pull every lever,
use every tool in my k
use every tool in my kit
I'll pull every lever,
use every tool in my kit t
use every tool in my kit to
re
reun
use every tool in my kit to
reunit
reunite
use every tool in my kit to
reunite wi
reunite with
use every tool in my kit to
reunite with m
reunite with my
use every tool in my kit to
reunite with my tr
reunite with my trai
use every tool in my kit to
reunite with my trains
reunite with my trains,
Bi
Big
reunite with my trains,
Big Al
Big Alic
reunite with my trains,
Big Alice
Big Alice an
reunite with my trains,
Big Alice and
Big Alice and Sn
reunite with my trains,
Big Alice and Snow
Big Alice and Snowpi
reunite with my trains,
Big Alice and Snowpier
Big Alice and Snowpierce
reunite with my trains,
Big Alice and Snowpiercer,
1,
1,02
Big Alice and Snowpiercer,
1,029
1,029 ca
Big Alice and Snowpiercer,
1,029 cars
1,029 cars l
Big Alice and Snowpiercer,
1,029 cars lon
1,029 cars long.
(R
(Rou
1,029 cars long.
(Rousi
(Rousing
1,029 cars long.
(Rousing d
(Rousing dra
1,029 cars long.
(Rousing drama
(Rousing dramati
1,029 cars long.
(Rousing dramatic
(Rousing dramatic mu
1,029 cars long.
(Rousing dramatic musi
(Rousing dramatic music)
♪
(Tense music)
>»
>» I
>» I'm
>» I'm s
>» I'm sor
>» I'm sorry
>» I'm sorry f
>» I'm sorry for
>» I'm sorry for s
>» I'm sorry for sna
>» I'm sorry for snapp
>» I'm sorry for snappin
>» I'm sorry for snapping
at
at y
at you
at you y
at you yes
at you yeste
at you yesterd
at you yesterday
at you yesterday.
♪
>»
>» I
>» I'm
>» I'm s
>» I'm sur
>» I'm sure
>» I'm sure yo
>» I'm sure you'
>» I'm sure you've
>» I'm sure you've b
>» I'm sure you've bor
>» I'm sure you've bore
>» I'm sure you've bore th
>» I'm sure you've bore the
br
brun
brunt
brunt of
brunt of t
brunt of tha
brunt of that
brunt of that be
brunt of that befo
brunt of that before
brunt of that before.
(C
(Chu
(Chuck
(Chuckle
(Chuckles)
Th
That
That's
That's f
That's fro
That's from
That's from yo
That's from your
That's from your f
That's from your fea
That's from your fearl
That's from your fearles
That's from your fearless
Ad
Admi
Admira
Admiral.
Co
Come
Come o
Come on!
Ju
Just
Just s
Just som
Just some
Just some id
Just some idle
Just some idle c
Just some idle cha
Just some idle chat
Just some idle chat to
Just some idle chat to p
Just some idle chat to pas
Just some idle chat to pass
th
the
the ti
the time
the time o
the time of
the time of da
the time of day.
I'
I'm
I'm no
I'm not
I'm not as
I'm not aski
I'm not asking
I'm not asking y
I'm not asking you
I'm not asking you t
I'm not asking you to
I'm not asking you to ba
I'm not asking you to bare
yo
your
your s
your sou
your soul.
No
No b
No bar
No barin
No baring
No baring yo
No baring your
No baring your s
No baring your sca
No baring your scars
No baring your scars.
(U
(Unc
(Uncle
(Unclear
(Unclear)
I
I be
I bet
I bet Dr
I bet Dr.
I bet Dr. He
I bet Dr. Head
I bet Dr. Headwo
I bet Dr. Headwood
I bet Dr. Headwood c
I bet Dr. Headwood cou
I bet Dr. Headwood could
I bet Dr. Headwood could f
I bet Dr. Headwood could fix
yo
you
you ri
you righ
you right
you right up
you right up.
>»
>» N
>» Not
>» Not i
>» Not int
>» Not inter
>» Not interes
>» Not intereste
>» Not interested.
>»
>» O
>» Oh,
>» Oh, w
>» Oh, wel
>» Oh, well,
>» Oh, well, t
>» Oh, well, the
>» Oh, well, then.
>» Oh, well, then...
co
cons
consid
consider
consider m
consider my
consider my in
consider my inte
consider my intere
consider my interest
consider my interest p
consider my interest pea
consider my interest peake
consider my interest peaked.
♪
An
Anto
Anton,
Anton, k
Anton, kin
Anton, kind
Anton, kind of
Anton, kind of y
Anton, kind of you
Anton, kind of you t
Anton, kind of you to
Anton, kind of you to vi
Anton, kind of you to visi
Anton, kind of you to visit.
Ho
How
How ar
How are
How are yo
How are you
How are you fa
How are you fari
How are you faring
How are you faring a
How are you faring aft
How are you faring after
th
the
the lo
the loss
the loss o
the loss of
the loss of Bi
the loss of Big
the loss of Big Al
the loss of Big Alic
the loss of Big Alice?
I
I mu
I must
I must a
I must adm
I must admit
I must admit I
I must admit I'm
I must admit I'm s
I must admit I'm sti
I must admit I'm still
I must admit I'm still s
I must admit I'm still sha
I must admit I'm still shaki
I must admit I'm still shaking
I must admit I'm still shaking.
>»
>» H
>» How
>» How l
>» How lon
>» How long
>» How long be
>» How long befo
>» How long before
>» How long before m
>» How long before my
>» How long before my tu
>» How long before my tunn
>» How long before my tunnel
>» How long before my tunnel's
un
unbl
unbloc
unblocke
unblocked?
>
> Oh
> Oh,
> Oh, no
> Oh, not
> Oh, not lo
> Oh, not long
> Oh, not long.
I
I im
I imag
I imagin
I imagine
I imagine yo
I imagine you
I imagine you ha
I imagine you have
I imagine you have S
I imagine you have Sno
I imagine you have Snowp
I imagine you have Snowpie
I imagine you have Snowpierc
I imagine you have Snowpiercer
si
sitt
sittin
sitting
sitting cl
sitting clos
sitting close
sitting close by
sitting close by.
>»
>» I
>» I d
>» I dea
>» I deal
>» I deal in
>» I deal in h
>» I deal in har
>» I deal in hard
>» I deal in hard fa
>» I deal in hard fast
>» I deal in hard fast t
>» I deal in hard fast tar
>» I deal in hard fast targe
>» I deal in hard fast targets
>» I deal in hard fast targets,
Jo
Jose
Joseph
Joseph,
Joseph, no
Joseph, not
Joseph, not lo
Joseph, not long
Joseph, not long d
Joseph, not long doe
Joseph, not long doesn
Joseph, not long doesn't
Joseph, not long doesn't c
Joseph, not long doesn't cut
Joseph, not long doesn't cut i
Joseph, not long doesn't cut it.
Sh
Shal
Shall
Shall we
Shall we s
Shall we say
Shall we say t
Shall we say tom
Shall we say tomor
Shall we say tomorro
Shall we say tomorrow
Shall we say tomorrow th
Shall we say tomorrow then
Shall we say tomorrow then?
>»
>» L
>» Let
>» Let's
>» Let's s
>» Let's say
>» Let's say t
>» Let's say ton
>» Let's say tonig
>» Let's say tonight
>» Let's say tonight.
>»
>» V
>» Ver
>» Very
>» Very we
>» Very well
>» Very well.
To
Toni
Tonigh
Tonight
Tonight it
Tonight it s
Tonight it sha
Tonight it shall
Tonight it shall b
Tonight it shall be.
♪
(Click)
>»
>» D
>» Did
>» Did t
>» Did the
>» Did they
>» Did they ma
>» Did they make
>» Did they make i
>» Did they make it?
Is
Is B
Is Ben
Is Ben d
Is Ben dri
Is Ben drivi
Is Ben driving
Is Ben driving?
>»
>» I
>» I'm
>» I'm..
>» I'm...
>» I'm... I'
>» I'm... I'm
>» I'm... I'm no
>» I'm... I'm not
>» I'm... I'm not in
>» I'm... I'm not info
>» I'm... I'm not inform
>» I'm... I'm not informed
>» I'm... I'm not informed o
>» I'm... I'm not informed on
ma
matt
matter
matters
matters ou
matters outs
matters outsid
matters outside
matters outside of
my
my d
my dep
my depar
my departm
my departmen
my department.
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's on
>» It's one
>» It's one bu
>» It's one bunk
>» It's one bunker
>» It's one bunker,
>» It's one bunker, tw
>» It's one bunker, two
>» It's one bunker, two tr
>» It's one bunker, two trai
>» It's one bunker, two trains
>» It's one bunker, two trains.
th
the
the Ma
the Manh
the Manhat
the Manhatta
the Manhattan
the Manhattan Pr
the Manhattan Proj
the Manhattan Projec
the Manhattan Project.
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» Your
>» Your fr
>» Your frie
>» Your friend
>» Your friends
>» Your friends es
>» Your friends esca
>» Your friends escape
>» Your friends escaped.
An
And
And so
And some
And someho
And somehow
st
stop
stoppe
stopped
stopped th
stopped the
stopped the Ad
stopped the Admi
stopped the Admira
stopped the Admiral
stopped the Admiral fr
stopped the Admiral from
pu
purs
pursui
pursuing
pursuing t
pursuing the
pursuing them.
Di
Did
Did yo
Did you
Did you ge
Did you get
Did you get a
Did you get a ch
Did you get a chan
Did you get a chance
Did you get a chance t
Did you get a chance to
re
revi
review
review a
review any
review any o
review any of
review any of ou
review any of our
review any of our re
review any of our rese
review any of our resear
review any of our research
review any of our research?
>»
>» A
>» Acc
>» Accor
>» Accordi
>» According
>» According t
>» According to
>» According to th
>» According to this
>» According to this,
Me
Mela
Melani
Melanie
Melanie we
Melanie went
Melanie went o
Melanie went off
Melanie went off b
Melanie went off bas
Melanie went off base
to
to c
to col
to colle
to collect
to collect a
to collect atm
to collect atmos
to collect atmosph
to collect atmospher
to collect atmospheric
to collect atmospheric r
to collect atmospheric rea
to collect atmospheric readi
to collect atmospheric reading
to collect atmospheric readings
fr
from
from v
from var
from vario
from various
from various a
from various alt
from various altit
from various altitud
from various altitudes
from various altitudes.
It
It a
It als
It also
It also sa
It also says
It also says t
It also says tha
It also says that
It also says that sh
It also says that she
sh
shou
should
should b
should be
should be ba
should be back
should be back b
should be back by
should be back by no
should be back by now.
>»
>» W
>» Wel
>» Well,
>» Well, s
>» Well, she
>» Well, she's
>» Well, she's a
>» Well, she's alw
>» Well, she's alway
>» Well, she's always
>» Well, she's always be
>» Well, she's always been
ve
very
very t
very tho
very thoro
very thoroug
very thorough.
Qu
Quad
Quadru
Quadrupl
Quadruple
Quadruple ch
Quadruple chec
Quadruple checki
Quadruple checking
Quadruple checking h
Quadruple checking her
re
read
readin
readings
readings w
readings whi
readings which
readings which r
readings which rem
readings which remin
readings which reminds
readings which reminds m
readings which reminds me,
yo
your
your n
your nos
your noseb
your noseble
your nosebleed
your nosebleeds.
I'
I'd
I'd li
I'd like
I'd like t
I'd like to
I'd like to lo
I'd like to look
I'd like to look o
I'd like to look ove
I'd like to look over
I'd like to look over yo
I'd like to look over your
sy
symp
sympto
symptom
symptom re
symptom repo
symptom report
symptom reports
symptom reports an
symptom reports and
symptom reports and yo
symptom reports and your
lo
logb
logboo
logbook,
logbook, p
logbook, ple
logbook, pleas
logbook, please.
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You f
>» You fir
>» You first
>» You first.
Wh
Why
Why do
Why don'
Why don't
Why don't yo
Why don't you
Why don't you te
Why don't you tell
Why don't you tell m
Why don't you tell me
Why don't you tell me wh
Why don't you tell me who
ma
made
made i
made it
made it on
made it onto
made it onto B
made it onto Big
made it onto Big A
made it onto Big Ali
made it onto Big Alice
an
and
and wh
and who
and who di
and who didn
and who didn't
and who didn't.
St
Star
Start
Start wi
Start with
Start with L
Start with Lay
Start with Layto
Start with Layton.
♪
(Groans)
(Electrical fritzing)
♪
(Groans)
(Low clicking)
(Tense music)
♪
(Tense music continues)
(Conversation din)
♪
>»
>» H
>» Hey
>» Hey,
>» Hey, ki
>» Hey, kidd
>» Hey, kiddo.
He
Here
Here,
Here, ta
Here, take
Here, take t
Here, take thi
Here, take this.
»>
»> T
Here, take this.
»> Tha
»> Thank
Here, take this.
»> Thanks.
♪
>»
>» H
>» Hav
>» Have
>» Have pe
>» Have peop
>» Have people
>» Have people h
>» Have people had
an
anyt
>» Have people had
anythi
anything
>» Have people had
anything t
anything to
>» Have people had
anything to ea
anything to eat?
»>
»> J
anything to eat?
»> Jus
»> Just
anything to eat?
»> Just th
»> Just this
anything to eat?
»> Just this.
♪
(Metal tapping lightly)
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» That
>» That al
>» That all
>» That all we
>» That all we h
>» That all we hav
>» That all we have?
»>
»> A
>» That all we have?
»> Afr
»> Afrai
>» That all we have?
»> Afraid
»> Afraid so
>» That all we have?
»> Afraid so.
>» Afraid so.
(B
(Bac
>» Afraid so.
(Backg
(Backgro
>» Afraid so.
(Backgroun
(Background
>» Afraid so.
(Background di
(Background din)
Pa
Pass
(Background din)
Passen
Passenge
(Background din)
Passengers
Passengers m
(Background din)
Passengers mus
Passengers must
(Background din)
Passengers must be
Passengers must be g
(Background din)
Passengers must be get
Passengers must be getti
(Background din)
Passengers must be getting
re
rest
Passengers must be getting
restle
restless
Passengers must be getting
restless.
(B
(Bac
restless.
(Backg
(Backgro
restless.
(Backgroun
(Background
restless.
(Background di
(Background din)
»>
»> T
(Background din)
»> The
»> They
(Background din)
»> They co
»> They coul
(Background din)
»> They could
»> They could us
(Background din)
»> They could use
»> They could use a
(Background din)
»> They could use a pe
»> They could use a pep
(Background din)
»> They could use a pep ta
»> They could use a pep talk
(Background din)
»> They could use a pep talk.
>» They could use a pep talk.
(B
(Bac
>» They could use a pep talk.
(Backg
(Backgro
>» They could use a pep talk.
(Backgroun
(Background
>» They could use a pep talk.
(Background di
(Background din)
I
I th
(Background din)
I thin
I think
(Background din)
I think wi
I think with
(Background din)
I think with e
I think with eve
(Background din)
I think with every
I think with everyth
(Background din)
I think with everythin
I think with everything
th
that
I think with everything
that h
that hap
I think with everything
that happe
that happene
I think with everything
that happened.
that happened...
Yo
You
that happened...
You kn
You know
that happened...
You know,
You know, li
that happened...
You know, like
You know, like a
that happened...
You know, like a p
You know, like a pla
that happened...
You know, like a plan.
Th
Thin
You know, like a plan.
Think
Think it
You know, like a plan.
Think it c
Think it cou
You know, like a plan.
Think it could
Think it could h
You know, like a plan.
Think it could hel
Think it could help
You know, like a plan.
Think it could help th
Think it could help them
fe
feel
Think it could help them
feel b
feel bet
Think it could help them
feel bette
feel better.
Ru
Ruth
feel better.
Ruth i
Ruth is
feel better.
Ruth is th
Ruth is the
feel better.
Ruth is the el
Ruth is the elec
feel better.
Ruth is the electe
Ruth is the elected
feel better.
Ruth is the elected le
Ruth is the elected lead
feel better.
Ruth is the elected leader
of
of N
Ruth is the elected leader
of New
of New E
Ruth is the elected leader
of New Ede
of New Eden.
Sh
She
of New Eden.
She ha
She has
of New Eden.
She has a
She has a fe
of New Eden.
She has a few
She has a few wo
of New Eden.
She has a few word
She has a few words.
»>
»> H
She has a few words.
»> Hel
»> Hello
She has a few words.
»> Hello,
»> Hello, ev
She has a few words.
»> Hello, ever
»> Hello, everyo
She has a few words.
»> Hello, everyone
»> Hello, everyone.
>» Hello, everyone.
Um
Um..
>» Hello, everyone.
Um...
Fr
From
Um...
From w
From wha
Um...
From what
From what I'
Um...
From what I've
From what I've b
Um...
From what I've bee
From what I've been
Um...
From what I've been to
From what I've been told
Um...
From what I've been told,
th
this
From what I've been told,
this h
this has
From what I've been told,
this has b
this has bee
From what I've been told,
this has been
this has been a
From what I've been told,
this has been a di
this has been a diff
From what I've been told,
this has been a diffic
this has been a difficul
From what I've been told,
this has been a difficult
ye
year
this has been a difficult
year.
Ma
Many
year.
Many l
Many liv
year.
Many lives
Many lives w
year.
Many lives wer
Many lives were
year.
Many lives were lo
Many lives were lost
year.
Many lives were lost.
♪
An
And
And al
And alth
And althou
And although
And although o
And although our
And although our j
And although our jou
And although our journ
And although our journey
And although our journey i
And although our journey isn
And although our journey isn't
ov
over
And although our journey isn't
over y
over yet
And although our journey isn't
over yet,
over yet, Ne
And although our journey isn't
over yet, New
over yet, New Ed
And although our journey isn't
over yet, New Eden
over yet, New Eden a
And although our journey isn't
over yet, New Eden awa
over yet, New Eden await
And although our journey isn't
over yet, New Eden awaits
us
us a
over yet, New Eden awaits
us all
us all.
An
And
us all.
And I
And I ca
us all.
And I can
And I can pr
us all.
And I can prom
And I can promis
us all.
And I can promise
And I can promise yo
us all.
And I can promise you
And I can promise you th
us all.
And I can promise you that
And I can promise you that..
us all.
And I can promise you that...
♪
(Whispers) Well...
I'
I'm
I'm so
I'm sorr
I'm sorry.
I
I ca
I'm sorry.
I can'
I can't
I'm sorry.
I can't do
I can't do i
I'm sorry.
I can't do it-
I can't do it--
(I
(Ind
I can't do it--
(Indis
(Indisti
I can't do it--
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
I can't do it--
(Indistinct mu
(Indistinct murm
I can't do it--
(Indistinct murmur
(Indistinct murmurs)
(O
(Oth
(Indistinct murmurs)
(Other
(Others
(Indistinct murmurs)
(Others ex
(Others excl
(Indistinct murmurs)
(Others exclai
(Others exclaimi
(Indistinct murmurs)
(Others exclaiming
(Others exclaiming)
♪
(W
(Win
(Wind
(Wind wh
(Wind whis
(Wind whistl
(Wind whistlin
(Wind whistling)
»>
»> J
(Wind whistling)
»> Jav
»> Javi:
(Wind whistling)
»> Javi: Oz
»> Javi: Oz,
(Wind whistling)
»> Javi: Oz, wh
»> Javi: Oz, what
(Wind whistling)
»> Javi: Oz, what's
»> Javi: Oz, what's y
(Wind whistling)
»> Javi: Oz, what's you
»> Javi: Oz, what's your
>» Javi: Oz, what's your
lo
loca
>» Javi: Oz, what's your
locati
location
>» Javi: Oz, what's your
location?
location? Ov
>» Javi: Oz, what's your
location? Over
location? Over?
Oz
Oz,
location? Over?
Oz, I
Oz, I ne
location? Over?
Oz, I need
Oz, I need y
location? Over?
Oz, I need you
Oz, I need you t
location? Over?
Oz, I need you to
Oz, I need you to ch
location? Over?
Oz, I need you to chec
Oz, I need you to check
location? Over?
Oz, I need you to check in
Oz, I need you to check in.
Ov
Over
Oz, I need you to check in.
Over.
»>
»> I
Over.
»> I'm
»> I'm n
Over.
»> I'm not
»> I'm not c
Over.
»> I'm not com
»> I'm not comin
Over.
»> I'm not coming
»> I'm not coming ba
Over.
»> I'm not coming back
»> I'm not coming back u
Over.
»> I'm not coming back unt
»> I'm not coming back until
>» I'm not coming back until
I
I fi
>» I'm not coming back until
I find
I find i
>» I'm not coming back until
I find it.
»>
»> Yo
I find it.
»> You'
»> You've
I find it.
»> You've a
»> You've alr
I find it.
»> You've alrea
»> You've already
I find it.
»> You've already b
»> You've already bee
I find it.
»> You've already been
»> You've already been ou
I find it.
»> You've already been out
>» You've already been out
to
too
>» You've already been out
too lo
too long
>» You've already been out
too long.
Oz
Oz ..
too long.
Oz ...
♪
>»
>» R
>» Roc
>» Roche
>» Roche.
♪
(G
(Gro
(Groan
(Groans)
Wh
Whig
(Groans)
Whiggi
Whiggins
(Groans)
Whiggins?
»>
»> H
Whiggins?
»> Hey
»> Hey,
Whiggins?
»> Hey, Oz
»> Hey, Oz.
>» Hey, Oz.
A
A li
>» Hey, Oz.
A litt
A little
>» Hey, Oz.
A little h
A little her
>» Hey, Oz.
A little here?
♪
>»
>» S
>» Sir
>» Sir,
>» Sir, I
>» Sir, I ne
>» Sir, I need
>» Sir, I need a
>» Sir, I need a s
>» Sir, I need a sam
>» Sir, I need a sampl
>» Sir, I need a sample
>» Sir, I need a sample ru
>» Sir, I need a sample run.
»>
»> I
>» Sir, I need a sample run.
»> I t
»> I tho
>» Sir, I need a sample run.
»> I thoug
»> I thought
>» Sir, I need a sample run.
»> I thought y
»> I thought you
>» Sir, I need a sample run.
»> I thought you w
»> I thought you wer
>» Sir, I need a sample run.
»> I thought you were
»> I thought you were do
>» Sir, I need a sample run.
»> I thought you were done
>» I thought you were done
wi
with
>» I thought you were done
with a
with all
>» I thought you were done
with all t
with all tha
>» I thought you were done
with all that?
»>
»> T
with all that?
»> Thi
»> This
with all that?
»> This wi
»> This will
with all that?
»> This will b
»> This will be
with all that?
»> This will be th
»> This will be the
with all that?
»> This will be the la
»> This will be the last
with all that?
»> This will be the last r
»> This will be the last rou
with all that?
»> This will be the last round
»> This will be the last round.
>» This will be the last round.
I
I ne
>» This will be the last round.
I need
I need t
>» This will be the last round.
I need to
I need to te
>» This will be the last round.
I need to test
I need to test t
>» This will be the last round.
I need to test the
I need to test the o
>» This will be the last round.
I need to test the one
I need to test the ones
wh
who
I need to test the ones
who su
who suff
I need to test the ones
who suffer
who suffer f
I need to test the ones
who suffer fro
who suffer from
I need to test the ones
who suffer from ep
who suffer from epis
I need to test the ones
who suffer from epista
who suffer from epistaxi
I need to test the ones
who suffer from epistaxis.
♪
No
Nose
Nosebl
Noseblee
Nosebleeds
Nosebleeds.
Yo
You
Nosebleeds.
You co
You coul
Nosebleeds.
You could
You could ha
Nosebleeds.
You could have
You could have j
Nosebleeds.
You could have jus
You could have just
Nosebleeds.
You could have just sa
You could have just said
Nosebleeds.
You could have just said t
You could have just said tha
Nosebleeds.
You could have just said that.
♪
(Trilling)
(M
(Met
(Metal
(Metal c
(Metal cla
(Metal clank
(Metal clank)
»>
»> S
(Metal clank)
»> Sir
»> Sir?
>» Sir?
»>
»> J
>» Sir?
»> Jus
»> Just
>» Sir?
»> Just a
»> Just a bi
>» Sir?
»> Just a bit
»> Just a bit of
>» Just a bit of
lo
low
>» Just a bit of
low bl
low bloo
>» Just a bit of
low blood
low blood su
>» Just a bit of
low blood suga
low blood sugar.
It
It'l
low blood sugar.
It'll
It'll pa
low blood sugar.
It'll pass
It'll pass.
»>
»> Y
It'll pass.
»> You
»> You c
It'll pass.
»> You cut
»> You cut y
It'll pass.
»> You cut you
»> You cut yours
It'll pass.
»> You cut yoursel
»> You cut yourself.
>» You cut yourself.
»>
»> H
>» You cut yourself.
»> Huh
»> Huh?
♪
>»
>» W
>» Why
>» Why d
>» Why don
>» Why don't
>» Why don't w
>» Why don't we
>» Why don't we ca
>» Why don't we call
>» Why don't we call a
>» Why don't we call an
>» Why don't we call an ea
>» Why don't we call an earl
>» Why don't we call an early
lu
lunc
>» Why don't we call an early
lunch.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Ano
>» Anoth
>» Another
>» Another d
>» Another diz
>» Another dizzy
>» Another dizzy s
>» Another dizzy spe
>» Another dizzy spell
>» Another dizzy spell.
Ho
How
>» Another dizzy spell.
How lo
How long
>» Another dizzy spell.
How long d
How long did
>» Another dizzy spell.
How long did i
How long did it
>» Another dizzy spell.
How long did it la
How long did it last
>» Another dizzy spell.
How long did it last?
»>
»> O
How long did it last?
»> Oh,
»> Oh, j
How long did it last?
»> Oh, jus
»> Oh, just
How long did it last?
»> Oh, just a
»> Oh, just a mi
How long did it last?
»> Oh, just a minu
»> Oh, just a minute
How long did it last?
»> Oh, just a minute,
»> Oh, just a minute, if
How long did it last?
»> Oh, just a minute, if t
»> Oh, just a minute, if tha
How long did it last?
»> Oh, just a minute, if that.
>» Oh, just a minute, if that.
Di
Did
>» Oh, just a minute, if that.
Did yo
Did your
>» Oh, just a minute, if that.
Did your v
Did your vis
>» Oh, just a minute, if that.
Did your visio
Did your vision
>» Oh, just a minute, if that.
Did your vision bl
Did your vision blur
>» Oh, just a minute, if that.
Did your vision blur?
»>
»> M
Did your vision blur?
»> Mom
»> Momen
Did your vision blur?
»> Momenta
»> Momentari
Did your vision blur?
»> Momentarily
»> Momentarily.
>» Momentarily.
Um
Um..
>» Momentarily.
Um...
Um... I'
>» Momentarily.
Um... I'm
Um... I'm fi
>» Momentarily.
Um... I'm fine
Um... I'm fine.
I
I as
Um... I'm fine.
I assu
I assure
Um... I'm fine.
I assure y
I assure you
Um... I'm fine.
I assure you.
»>
»> I
I assure you.
»> I t
»> I thi
I assure you.
»> I think
»> I think w
I assure you.
»> I think we
»> I think we sh
I assure you.
»> I think we shou
»> I think we should
I assure you.
»> I think we should d
»> I think we should do
>» I think we should do
an
anot
>» I think we should do
anothe
another
>» I think we should do
another tr
another trea
>» I think we should do
another treatm
another treatmen
>» I think we should do
another treatment.
»>
»> I
another treatment.
»> If
»> If yo
another treatment.
»> If you
»> If you in
another treatment.
»> If you insi
»> If you insist
another treatment.
»> If you insist.
>» If you insist.
I'
I'm
>» If you insist.
I'm in
I'm in y
>» If you insist.
I'm in you
I'm in your
>» If you insist.
I'm in your go
I'm in your good
>» If you insist.
I'm in your good h
I'm in your good han
>» If you insist.
I'm in your good hands
I'm in your good hands,
Dr
Dr.
I'm in your good hands,
Dr. He
Dr. Head
I'm in your good hands,
Dr. Headwo
Dr. Headwood
I'm in your good hands,
Dr. Headwood.
»>
»> T
Dr. Headwood.
»> The
»> The A
Dr. Headwood.
»> The Adm
»> The Admir
Dr. Headwood.
»> The Admiral
»> The Admiral w
Dr. Headwood.
»> The Admiral wor
»> The Admiral works
>» The Admiral works
yo
you
>» The Admiral works
you to
you too
>» The Admiral works
you too ha
you too hard
>» The Admiral works
you too hard.
»>
»> H
you too hard.
»> Ha-
»> Ha-ha
you too hard.
»> Ha-ha.
»> Ha-ha. No
you too hard.
»> Ha-ha. Nons
»> Ha-ha. Nonsen
you too hard.
»> Ha-ha. Nonsense
»> Ha-ha. Nonsense.
>» Ha-ha. Nonsense.
He
He's
>» Ha-ha. Nonsense.
He's g
He's got
>» Ha-ha. Nonsense.
He's got m
He's got me
>» Ha-ha. Nonsense.
He's got me wh
He's got me wher
>» Ha-ha. Nonsense.
He's got me where
He's got me where I
>» Ha-ha. Nonsense.
He's got me where I sh
He's got me where I shin
>» Ha-ha. Nonsense.
He's got me where I shine
be
best
He's got me where I shine
best,
best, on
He's got me where I shine
best, on d
best, on dis
He's got me where I shine
best, on displ
best, on display
He's got me where I shine
best, on display b
best, on display bef
He's got me where I shine
best, on display befor
best, on display before
hi
his
best, on display before
his tr
his troo
best, on display before
his troops
his troops,
best, on display before
his troops, be
his troops, bein
best, on display before
his troops, being
his troops, being us
best, on display before
his troops, being usef
his troops, being useful
best, on display before
his troops, being useful.
»>
»> H
his troops, being useful.
»> He
»> He ca
his troops, being useful.
»> He came
»> He came p
his troops, being useful.
»> He came pok
»> He came pokin
his troops, being useful.
»> He came poking
»> He came poking ar
his troops, being useful.
»> He came poking arou
»> He came poking around
>» He came poking around
th
the
>» He came poking around
the ot
the othe
>» He came poking around
the other
the other da
>» He came poking around
the other day
the other day as
>» He came poking around
the other day aski
the other day asking
>» He came poking around
the other day asking q
the other day asking que
>» He came poking around
the other day asking quest
the other day asking questio
>» He came poking around
the other day asking questions
the other day asking questions.
»>
»> Y
the other day asking questions.
»> Yes
»> Yes?
>» Yes?
»>
»> N
>» Yes?
»> Not
»> Not a
>» Yes?
»> Not a s
»> Not a sub
>» Yes?
»> Not a subtl
»> Not a subtle
>» Yes?
»> Not a subtle ma
»> Not a subtle man.
>» Not a subtle man.
He
He w
>» Not a subtle man.
He wan
He wante
>» Not a subtle man.
He wanted
He wanted me
>» Not a subtle man.
He wanted me t
He wanted me to
>» Not a subtle man.
He wanted me to un
He wanted me to unde
>» Not a subtle man.
He wanted me to unders
He wanted me to understa
>» Not a subtle man.
He wanted me to understand
th
the
He wanted me to understand
the ch
the chai
He wanted me to understand
the chain
the chain of
He wanted me to understand
the chain of c
the chain of com
He wanted me to understand
the chain of comma
the chain of command
He wanted me to understand
the chain of command.
»>
»> A
the chain of command.
»> Ah,
»> Ah, t
the chain of command.
»> Ah, tha
»> Ah, that
the chain of command.
»> Ah, that so
»> Ah, that sour
the chain of command.
»> Ah, that sour s
»> Ah, that sour ste
the chain of command.
»> Ah, that sour stenc
»> Ah, that sour stench
the chain of command.
»> Ah, that sour stench of
>» Ah, that sour stench of
se
self
>» Ah, that sour stench of
self d
self dou
>» Ah, that sour stench of
self doubt
self doubt.
Do
Do y
self doubt.
Do you
Do you s
self doubt.
Do you sme
Do you smell
self doubt.
Do you smell i
Do you smell it
self doubt.
Do you smell it on
Do you smell it on h
self doubt.
Do you smell it on him
Do you smell it on him?
»>
»> L
Do you smell it on him?
»> Lik
»> Like
Do you smell it on him?
»> Like a
»> Like a sl
Do you smell it on him?
»> Like a slab
»> Like a slab o
Do you smell it on him?
»> Like a slab of
>» Like a slab of
ro
rott
>» Like a slab of
rottin
rotting
>» Like a slab of
rotting fl
rotting fles
>» Like a slab of
rotting flesh,
rotting flesh, s
>» Like a slab of
rotting flesh, sir
rotting flesh, sir.
I'
I'd
rotting flesh, sir.
I'd be
I'd be c
rotting flesh, sir.
I'd be car
I'd be caref
rotting flesh, sir.
I'd be careful
I'd be careful.
(Q
(Qui
I'd be careful.
(Quiet
(Quiet t
I'd be careful.
(Quiet tri
(Quiet trill
I'd be careful.
(Quiet trillin
(Quiet trilling)
♪
>»
>» O
>» Oh,
>» Oh, h
>» Oh, hey
>» Oh, hey.
Uh
Uh,
>» Oh, hey.
Uh, um
Uh, um..
>» Oh, hey.
Uh, um...
Th
This
Uh, um...
This..
This...
Uh, um...
This... I
This... I do
Uh, um...
This... I don'
This... I don't
Uh, um...
This... I don't wa
This... I don't want
an
any
This... I don't want
any tr
any trou
This... I don't want
any troubl
any trouble.
Yo
You'
any trouble.
You're
You're c
any trouble.
You're com
You're comin
any trouble.
You're coming
You're coming wi
any trouble.
You're coming with
You're coming with u
any trouble.
You're coming with us.
»>
»> L
You're coming with us.
»> Loo
»> Look,
You're coming with us.
»> Look, I
»> Look, I j
You're coming with us.
»> Look, I jus
»> Look, I just
You're coming with us.
»> Look, I just wo
»> Look, I just woke
You're coming with us.
»> Look, I just woke u
»> Look, I just woke up
You're coming with us.
»> Look, I just woke up he
»> Look, I just woke up here
You're coming with us.
»> Look, I just woke up here.
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Ok
Okay
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Okay,
Okay, I
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Okay, I do
Okay, I don'
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Okay, I don't
Okay, I don't kn
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Okay, I don't know
Okay, I don't know w
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Okay, I don't know whe
Okay, I don't know where
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Okay, I don't know where I
Okay, I don't know where I a
>» Look, I just woke up here.
Okay, I don't know where I am.
So
So m
Okay, I don't know where I am.
So may
So maybe
Okay, I don't know where I am.
So maybe,
So maybe, ma
Okay, I don't know where I am.
So maybe, mayb
So maybe, maybe
Okay, I don't know where I am.
So maybe, maybe we
So maybe, maybe we c
Okay, I don't know where I am.
So maybe, maybe we can
So maybe, maybe we can h
Okay, I don't know where I am.
So maybe, maybe we can hav
So maybe, maybe we can have
a
a co
So maybe, maybe we can have
a conv
a conver
So maybe, maybe we can have
a conversa
a conversati
So maybe, maybe we can have
a conversation
a conversation.
(G
(Gas
a conversation.
(Gaspi
(Gasping
a conversation.
(Gasping)
>»
>» O
>» Oka
>» Okay,
>» Okay, W
>» Okay, Whi
>» Okay, Whigg
>» Okay, Whiggin
>» Okay, Whiggins,
wh
why
why di
why did
why did yo
why did you
why did you sw
why did you swit
why did you switch
why did you switch s
why did you switch sid
why did you switch sides
why did you switch sides?
»>
»> I
why did you switch sides?
»> I d
»> I did
why did you switch sides?
»> I didn'
»> I didn't.
>» I didn't.
I
I wa
>» I didn't.
I was
I was a
>» I didn't.
I was a pr
I was a pris
>» I didn't.
I was a prison
I was a prisoner
>» I didn't.
I was a prisoner.
»>
»> A
I was a prisoner.
»> And
»> And y
I was a prisoner.
»> And you
»> And your
I was a prisoner.
»> And your ca
»> And your capt
I was a prisoner.
»> And your captor
»> And your captor's
I was a prisoner.
»> And your captor's w
»> And your captor's wha
I was a prisoner.
»> And your captor's what?
>» And your captor's what?
Wh
What
>» And your captor's what?
What,
What, ta
>» And your captor's what?
What, take
What, taken
>» And your captor's what?
What, taken a
What, taken a da
>» And your captor's what?
What, taken a day
What, taken a day of
>» And your captor's what?
What, taken a day off?
»>
»> N
What, taken a day off?
»> No,
»> No, I
What, taken a day off?
»> No, I e
»> No, I esc
What, taken a day off?
»> No, I escap
»> No, I escaped
What, taken a day off?
»> No, I escaped,
»> No, I escaped, an
What, taken a day off?
»> No, I escaped, and
»> No, I escaped, and th
What, taken a day off?
»> No, I escaped, and that
»> No, I escaped, and that's
>» No, I escaped, and that's
wh
when
>» No, I escaped, and that's
when m
when my
>» No, I escaped, and that's
when my ha
when my hand
>» No, I escaped, and that's
when my hand,
when my hand, uh
>» No, I escaped, and that's
when my hand, uh..
when my hand, uh...
Th
That
when my hand, uh...
That's
That's w
when my hand, uh...
That's whe
That's when
when my hand, uh...
That's when th
That's when they
when my hand, uh...
That's when they c
That's when they cut
when my hand, uh...
That's when they cut o
That's when they cut off
my
my h
That's when they cut off
my han
my hand,
That's when they cut off
my hand, b
my hand, bef
That's when they cut off
my hand, befor
my hand, before
That's when they cut off
my hand, before I
my hand, before I es
That's when they cut off
my hand, before I esca
my hand, before I escape
That's when they cut off
my hand, before I escaped.
Th
That
my hand, before I escaped.
That's
That's w
my hand, before I escaped.
That's why
That's why I
my hand, before I escaped.
That's why I e
That's why I esc
my hand, before I escaped.
That's why I escap
That's why I escaped
my hand, before I escaped.
That's why I escaped--
»>
»> C
That's why I escaped--
»> Cut
»> Cut t
That's why I escaped--
»> Cut the
»> Cut the c
That's why I escaped--
»> Cut the cra
»> Cut the crap.
>» Cut the crap.
We
We f
>» Cut the crap.
We fou
We found
>» Cut the crap.
We found y
We found you
>» Cut the crap.
We found your
We found your ha
>» Cut the crap.
We found your hand
We found your hand.
>» Cut the crap.
We found your hand. Yo
We found your hand. Your
>» Cut the crap.
We found your hand. Your h
We found your hand. Your han
>» Cut the crap.
We found your hand. Your hand
wa
was
We found your hand. Your hand
was to
was torn
We found your hand. Your hand
was torn o
was torn off
We found your hand. Your hand
was torn off,
was torn off, no
We found your hand. Your hand
was torn off, not
was torn off, not cu
We found your hand. Your hand
was torn off, not cut
was torn off, not cut of
We found your hand. Your hand
was torn off, not cut off.
»>
»> L
was torn off, not cut off.
»> Loo
»> Look,
was torn off, not cut off.
»> Look, l
»> Look, loo
was torn off, not cut off.
»> Look, look,
»> Look, look, l
was torn off, not cut off.
»> Look, look, loo
»> Look, look, look.
>» Look, look, look.
We
We'l
>» Look, look, look.
We'll
We'll ge
>» Look, look, look.
We'll get
We'll get yo
>» Look, look, look.
We'll get your
We'll get your a
>» Look, look, look.
We'll get your arm
We'll get your arm t
>» Look, look, look.
We'll get your arm tre
We'll get your arm treat
>» Look, look, look.
We'll get your arm treated
We'll get your arm treated,
ok
okay
We'll get your arm treated,
okay.
okay. Cr
We'll get your arm treated,
okay. Cros
okay. Cross
We'll get your arm treated,
okay. Cross my
okay. Cross my h
We'll get your arm treated,
okay. Cross my hea
okay. Cross my heart
We'll get your arm treated,
okay. Cross my heart.
Ju
Just
okay. Cross my heart.
Just t
Just tel
okay. Cross my heart.
Just tell
Just tell us
okay. Cross my heart.
Just tell us w
Just tell us whe
okay. Cross my heart.
Just tell us where
Just tell us where R
okay. Cross my heart.
Just tell us where Roc
Just tell us where Roche
is
is b
Just tell us where Roche
is bei
is being
Just tell us where Roche
is being h
is being hel
Just tell us where Roche
is being held.
»>
»> O
is being held.
»> Oz,
»> Oz, I
is being held.
»> Oz, I h
»> Oz, I hav
is being held.
»> Oz, I haven
»> Oz, I haven't
is being held.
»> Oz, I haven't s
»> Oz, I haven't see
is being held.
»> Oz, I haven't seen
»> Oz, I haven't seen hi
is being held.
»> Oz, I haven't seen him
»> Oz, I haven't seen him si
is being held.
»> Oz, I haven't seen him sinc
»> Oz, I haven't seen him since
>» Oz, I haven't seen him since
th
the
>» Oz, I haven't seen him since
the tr
the trai
>» Oz, I haven't seen him since
the trains
the trains w
>» Oz, I haven't seen him since
the trains wer
the trains were
>» Oz, I haven't seen him since
the trains were se
the trains were sepa
>» Oz, I haven't seen him since
the trains were separa
the trains were separate
>» Oz, I haven't seen him since
the trains were separated.
(S
(Squ
the trains were separated.
(Squel
(Squelch
the trains were separated.
(Squelch)
He
Hey!
»>
»> S
Hey!
»> Syk
»> Sykes
Hey!
»> Sykes:
»> Sykes: Qu
Hey!
»> Sykes: Quit
»> Sykes: Quit l
Hey!
»> Sykes: Quit lyi
»> Sykes: Quit lying
Hey!
»> Sykes: Quit lying!
>» Sykes: Quit lying!
Li
Lian
>» Sykes: Quit lying!
Liana
Liana wa
>» Sykes: Quit lying!
Liana was
Liana was ki
>» Sykes: Quit lying!
Liana was kidn
Liana was kidnap
>» Sykes: Quit lying!
Liana was kidnappe
Liana was kidnapped.
Za
Zara
Liana was kidnapped.
Zarah
Zarah is
Liana was kidnapped.
Zarah is d
Zarah is dea
Liana was kidnapped.
Zarah is dead.
An
And
Zarah is dead.
And Ro
And Roch
Zarah is dead.
And Roche
And Roche go
Zarah is dead.
And Roche goes
And Roche goes m
Zarah is dead.
And Roche goes mis
And Roche goes missi
Zarah is dead.
And Roche goes missing
And Roche goes missing r
Zarah is dead.
And Roche goes missing rig
And Roche goes missing right
by
by y
And Roche goes missing right
by you
by your
And Roche goes missing right
by your ca
by your camp
And Roche goes missing right
by your campsi
by your campsite
And Roche goes missing right
by your campsite.
»>
»> W
by your campsite.
»> Whi
»> Whigg
by your campsite.
»> Whiggin
»> Whiggins:
by your campsite.
»> Whiggins: P
»> Whiggins: Ple
by your campsite.
»> Whiggins: Pleas
»> Whiggins: Please,
by your campsite.
»> Whiggins: Please, s
»> Whiggins: Please, sto
by your campsite.
»> Whiggins: Please, stop!
>» Whiggins: Please, stop!
»>
»> Y
>» Whiggins: Please, stop!
»> You
»> You c
>» Whiggins: Please, stop!
»> You cho
»> You choos
>» Whiggins: Please, stop!
»> You choose
»> You choose ho
>» Whiggins: Please, stop!
»> You choose how
»> You choose how th
>» Whiggins: Please, stop!
»> You choose how this
»> You choose how this g
>» Whiggins: Please, stop!
»> You choose how this goe
»> You choose how this goes,
>» You choose how this goes,
so
so e
>» You choose how this goes,
so eit
so eithe
>» You choose how this goes,
so either
so either yo
>» You choose how this goes,
so either you
so either you st
>» You choose how this goes,
so either you star
so either you start
>» You choose how this goes,
so either you start ta
so either you start talk
>» You choose how this goes,
so either you start talkin
so either you start talking-
>» You choose how this goes,
so either you start talking--
»>
»> N
so either you start talking--
»> No,
»> No, n
so either you start talking--
»> No, no,
»> No, no, n
so either you start talking--
»> No, no, no,
»> No, no, no, s
so either you start talking--
»> No, no, no, swe
»> No, no, no, sweet
so either you start talking--
»> No, no, no, sweethe
»> No, no, no, sweethear
so either you start talking--
»> No, no, no, sweetheart.
>» No, no, no, sweetheart.
He
Hell
>» No, no, no, sweetheart.
Hello.
»>
»> H
Hello.
»> Hi.
>» Hi.
»>
»> D
>» Hi.
»> Do
»> Do yo
>» Hi.
»> Do you
»> Do you re
>» Hi.
»> Do you reme
»> Do you rememb
>» Hi.
»> Do you remember
»> Do you remember S
>» Hi.
»> Do you remember Stu
»> Do you remember Stu W
>» Hi.
»> Do you remember Stu Whi
»> Do you remember Stu Whigg
>» Hi.
»> Do you remember Stu Whiggin
»> Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He
He's
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He's,
He's, uh
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He's, uh,
He's, uh, go
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He's, uh, got
He's, uh, got a
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He's, uh, got a bi
He's, uh, got a bit
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He's, uh, got a bit ba
He's, uh, got a bit bang
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He's, uh, got a bit banged
He's, uh, got a bit banged u
>» Do you remember Stu Whiggins?
He's, uh, got a bit banged up.
(Groaning)
(Click)
(Cigar crackling)
(Exhales)
>»
>» M
>» Mor
>» Moral
>» Morale
>» Morale wa
>» Morale was
>» Morale was lo
>» Morale was low
>» Morale was low in
>» Morale was low in o
>» Morale was low in our
>» Morale was low in our e
>» Morale was low in our ear
>» Morale was low in our early
re
revo
>» Morale was low in our early
revolu
revoluti
>» Morale was low in our early
revolution
revolutions
>» Morale was low in our early
revolutions on
revolutions on B
>» Morale was low in our early
revolutions on Big
revolutions on Big A
>» Morale was low in our early
revolutions on Big Ali
revolutions on Big Alice
>» Morale was low in our early
revolutions on Big Alice.
So
So w
revolutions on Big Alice.
So we
So we pu
revolutions on Big Alice.
So we put
So we put to
revolutions on Big Alice.
So we put toge
So we put togeth
revolutions on Big Alice.
So we put together
So we put together a
revolutions on Big Alice.
So we put together a s
So we put together a spe
revolutions on Big Alice.
So we put together a speci
So we put together a special
ev
even
So we put together a special
event,
event, a
So we put together a special
event, a g
event, a goo
So we put together a special
event, a good
event, a good ol
So we put together a special
event, a good old-
event, a good old-fa
So we put together a special
event, a good old-fash
event, a good old-fashio
So we put together a special
event, a good old-fashione
event, a good old-fashioned
gl
glad
event, a good old-fashioned
gladia
gladiato
event, a good old-fashioned
gladiatori
gladiatorial
event, a good old-fashioned
gladiatorial m
gladiatorial mat
event, a good old-fashioned
gladiatorial match
gladiatorial match w
event, a good old-fashioned
gladiatorial match wit
gladiatorial match with
event, a good old-fashioned
gladiatorial match with ou
gladiatorial match with our
re
resi
gladiatorial match with our
reside
resident
gladiatorial match with our
resident c
resident cha
gladiatorial match with our
resident champ
resident champio
gladiatorial match with our
resident champion,
resident champion, B
gladiatorial match with our
resident champion, Bob
resident champion, Bob,
a
a ti
resident champion, Bob,
a tita
a titan
resident champion, Bob,
a titan am
a titan amon
resident champion, Bob,
a titan amongs
a titan amongst
resident champion, Bob,
a titan amongst me
a titan amongst men.
(C
(Chu
a titan amongst men.
(Chuck
(Chuckli
a titan amongst men.
(Chuckling
(Chuckling)
Th
The
(Chuckling)
The pr
The prob
(Chuckling)
The proble
The problem
(Chuckling)
The problem is
The problem is n
(Chuckling)
The problem is no
The problem is no on
(Chuckling)
The problem is no one
The problem is no one da
(Chuckling)
The problem is no one dare
The problem is no one dared
st
step
The problem is no one dared
step u
step up
The problem is no one dared
step up to
step up to c
The problem is no one dared
step up to cha
step up to chall
The problem is no one dared
step up to challen
step up to challenge
The problem is no one dared
step up to challenge h
step up to challenge him
The problem is no one dared
step up to challenge him.
Wh
What
step up to challenge him.
What w
What was
step up to challenge him.
What was I
What was I t
step up to challenge him.
What was I to
What was I to do
step up to challenge him.
What was I to do?
Le
Leav
What was I to do?
Leave
Leave my
What was I to do?
Leave my p
Leave my peo
What was I to do?
Leave my peopl
Leave my people
What was I to do?
Leave my people wa
Leave my people want
What was I to do?
Leave my people wantin
Leave my people wanting?
Te
Tell
Leave my people wanting?
Tell m
Tell me,
Leave my people wanting?
Tell me, y
Tell me, you
Leave my people wanting?
Tell me, young
Tell me, young R
Leave my people wanting?
Tell me, young Raf
Tell me, young Rafae
Leave my people wanting?
Tell me, young Rafael,
Tell me, young Rafael, w
Leave my people wanting?
Tell me, young Rafael, wou
Tell me, young Rafael, would
Leave my people wanting?
Tell me, young Rafael, would y
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
ha
have
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
have b
have bee
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
have been
have been sa
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
have been sati
have been satisf
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
have been satisfie
have been satisfied
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
have been satisfied wi
have been satisfied with
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
have been satisfied with t
have been satisfied with tha
Tell me, young Rafael, would you
have been satisfied with that?
»>
»> N
have been satisfied with that?
»> No.
>» No.
»>
»> W
>» No.
»> Wil
»> Wilfo
>» No.
»> Wilford
»> Wilford:
>» No.
»> Wilford: So
»> Wilford: So I
>» No.
»> Wilford: So I t
»> Wilford: So I too
>» No.
»> Wilford: So I took
»> Wilford: So I took a
>» No.
»> Wilford: So I took a he
»> Wilford: So I took a heft
>» No.
»> Wilford: So I took a hefty
>» Wilford: So I took a hefty
sw
swig
>» Wilford: So I took a hefty
swig o
swig of
>» Wilford: So I took a hefty
swig of wh
swig of whis
>» Wilford: So I took a hefty
swig of whiske
swig of whiskey.
(C
(Chu
swig of whiskey.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
swig of whiskey.
(Chuckles)
An
And
(Chuckles)
And I
And I st
(Chuckles)
And I step
And I steppe
(Chuckles)
And I stepped
And I stepped up
(Chuckles)
And I stepped up t
And I stepped up to
(Chuckles)
And I stepped up to th
And I stepped up to the
(Chuckles)
And I stepped up to the ri
And I stepped up to the ring
(Chuckles)
And I stepped up to the ring.
An
And,
And I stepped up to the ring.
And, b
And, by
And I stepped up to the ring.
And, by go
And, by god,
And I stepped up to the ring.
And, by god, d
And, by god, did
And I stepped up to the ring.
And, by god, did I
And, by god, did I r
And I stepped up to the ring.
And, by god, did I reg
And, by god, did I regre
And I stepped up to the ring.
And, by god, did I regret
And, by god, did I regret th
And I stepped up to the ring.
And, by god, did I regret that
And, by god, did I regret that,
se
seei
And, by god, did I regret that,
seeing
seeing t
And, by god, did I regret that,
seeing tha
seeing that
And, by god, did I regret that,
seeing that bi
seeing that big
And, by god, did I regret that,
seeing that big bu
seeing that big bugg
And, by god, did I regret that,
seeing that big bugger
to
towe
seeing that big bugger
toweri
towering
seeing that big bugger
towering o
towering ove
seeing that big bugger
towering over
towering over me
seeing that big bugger
towering over me.
(A
(All
towering over me.
(All l
(All lau
towering over me.
(All laugh
(All laughin
towering over me.
(All laughing)
»>
»> H
(All laughing)
»> Her
»> Herna
(All laughing)
»> Hernand
»> Hernandez
(All laughing)
»> Hernandez:
»> Hernandez: Ba
(All laughing)
»> Hernandez: Ball
»> Hernandez: Ballsy
(All laughing)
»> Hernandez: Ballsy m
»> Hernandez: Ballsy mov
(All laughing)
»> Hernandez: Ballsy move,
>» Hernandez: Ballsy move,
Mr
Mr.
>» Hernandez: Ballsy move,
Mr. Wi
Mr. Wilf
>» Hernandez: Ballsy move,
Mr. Wilfor
Mr. Wilford.
Wo
Woul
Mr. Wilford.
Wouldn
Wouldn't
Mr. Wilford.
Wouldn't s
Wouldn't see
Mr. Wilford.
Wouldn't see a
Wouldn't see any
Mr. Wilford.
Wouldn't see anyth
Wouldn't see anythin
Mr. Wilford.
Wouldn't see anything
li
like
Wouldn't see anything
like t
like tha
Wouldn't see anything
like that
like that ar
Wouldn't see anything
like that arou
like that around
Wouldn't see anything
like that around h
like that around her
Wouldn't see anything
like that around here.
Th
That
like that around here.
That s
That sou
like that around here.
That sound
That sounds
like that around here.
That sounds li
That sounds like
like that around here.
That sounds like f
That sounds like fun
like that around here.
That sounds like fun.
»>
»> F
That sounds like fun.
»> Fun
»> Fun i
That sounds like fun.
»> Fun is
»> Fun is al
That sounds like fun.
»> Fun is all
»> Fun is all we
That sounds like fun.
»> Fun is all we h
»> Fun is all we hav
That sounds like fun.
»> Fun is all we have
»> Fun is all we have in
>» Fun is all we have in
th
this
>» Fun is all we have in
this b
this bar
>» Fun is all we have in
this barre
this barren
>» Fun is all we have in
this barren wo
this barren worl
>» Fun is all we have in
this barren world,
this barren world, m
>» Fun is all we have in
this barren world, my
this barren world, my bo
>» Fun is all we have in
this barren world, my boy.
(F
(Foo
this barren world, my boy.
(Foots
(Footste
this barren world, my boy.
(Footsteps
(Footsteps)
»>
»> D
(Footsteps)
»> Don
»> Don't
(Footsteps)
»> Don't m
»> Don't min
(Footsteps)
»> Don't mind
»> Don't mind me
(Footsteps)
»> Don't mind me.
>» Don't mind me.
Pl
Plea
>» Don't mind me.
Please
Please,
>» Don't mind me.
Please, go
Please, go o
>» Don't mind me.
Please, go on.
(Tense music)
>» Wilford: So, when I face
Bob the Titan--
>» Sorry, I do apologize for
in
inte
interr
interrup
interrupti
interrupting
interrupting y
interrupting you
interrupting you a
interrupting you aga
interrupting you again
interrupting you again,
interrupting you again, Jo
interrupting you again, Jose
interrupting you again, Joseph
interrupting you again, Joseph.
My
My t
interrupting you again, Joseph.
My tro
My troop
interrupting you again, Joseph.
My troops
My troops sh
interrupting you again, Joseph.
My troops shou
My troops should
interrupting you again, Joseph.
My troops should h
My troops should hav
interrupting you again, Joseph.
My troops should have
My troops should have to
interrupting you again, Joseph.
My troops should have told
yo
you,
My troops should have told
you, t
you, the
My troops should have told
you, there
you, there's
My troops should have told
you, there's n
you, there's no
My troops should have told
you, there's no sm
you, there's no smok
My troops should have told
you, there's no smokin
you, there's no smoking
My troops should have told
you, there's no smoking he
you, there's no smoking here
My troops should have told
you, there's no smoking here.
»>
»> A
you, there's no smoking here.
»> Ah,
»> Ah, m
you, there's no smoking here.
»> Ah, my
»> Ah, my mi
you, there's no smoking here.
»> Ah, my mist
»> Ah, my mistak
you, there's no smoking here.
»> Ah, my mistake.
>» Ah, my mistake.
»>
»> N
>» Ah, my mistake.
»> No,
»> No, i
>» Ah, my mistake.
»> No, it
»> No, it wa
>» Ah, my mistake.
»> No, it wasn
»> No, it wasn't
>» Ah, my mistake.
»> No, it wasn't.
>» No, it wasn't.
Yo
Your
>» No, it wasn't.
Your h
Your han
>» No, it wasn't.
Your hand,
Your hand, P
>» No, it wasn't.
Your hand, Pri
Your hand, Priva
>» No, it wasn't.
Your hand, Private
Your hand, Private.
»>
»> S
Your hand, Private.
»> Sir
»> Sir?
>» Sir?
»>
»> Y
>» Sir?
»> You
»> Your
>» Sir?
»> Your ha
»> Your hand
>» Sir?
»> Your hand.
♪
(C
(Cig
(Cigar
(Cigar h
(Cigar his
(Cigar hissi
(Cigar hissing
(Cigar hissing)
(W
(Whi
(Cigar hissing)
(Whimp
(Whimper
(Cigar hissing)
(Whimperin
(Whimpering)
Pl
Plea
(Whimpering)
Please
Please,
(Whimpering)
Please, co
Please, cont
(Whimpering)
Please, contin
Please, continue
(Whimpering)
Please, continue.
>»
>» S
>» So
>» So wh
>» So when
>» So when I
>» So when I f
>» So when I fac
>» So when I faced
>» So when I faced B
>» So when I faced Bob
>» So when I faced Bob t
>» So when I faced Bob the
Ti
Tita
>» So when I faced Bob the
Titan,
Titan, I
>» So when I faced Bob the
Titan, I g
Titan, I got
>» So when I faced Bob the
Titan, I got s
Titan, I got sev
>» So when I faced Bob the
Titan, I got seven
Titan, I got seven b
>» So when I faced Bob the
Titan, I got seven bel
Titan, I got seven bells
>» So when I faced Bob the
Titan, I got seven bells o
Titan, I got seven bells of
>» So when I faced Bob the
Titan, I got seven bells of he
Titan, I got seven bells of hell
kn
knoc
Titan, I got seven bells of hell
knocke
knocked
Titan, I got seven bells of hell
knocked ou
knocked out
Titan, I got seven bells of hell
knocked out of
knocked out of m
Titan, I got seven bells of hell
knocked out of me.
(Whimpering)
(Cigar hissing)
(Groaning)
(G
(Gru
(Grunt
(Gruntin
(Grunting)
»>
»> T
(Grunting)
»> Tha
»> That'
(Grunting)
»> That's
»> That's a
(Grunting)
»> That's a he
»> That's a hell
(Grunting)
»> That's a hell o
»> That's a hell of
(Grunting)
»> That's a hell of a
»> That's a hell of a st
(Grunting)
»> That's a hell of a stor
»> That's a hell of a story,
>» That's a hell of a story,
Jo
Jose
>» That's a hell of a story,
Joseph
Joseph.
(G
(Gru
Joseph.
(Grunt
(Gruntin
Joseph.
(Grunting)
(P
(Pan
(Grunting)
(Panti
(Panting
(Grunting)
(Panting)
Ev
Ever
(Panting)
Everyo
Everyone
(Panting)
Everyone b
Everyone bac
(Panting)
Everyone back
Everyone back to
(Panting)
Everyone back to y
Everyone back to you
(Panting)
Everyone back to your
Everyone back to your st
(Panting)
Everyone back to your stat
Everyone back to your statio
(Panting)
Everyone back to your stations
Everyone back to your stations.
(Indistinct chatter)
♪
(Thud)
>»
>» M
>» Mil
>» Miliu
>» Milius:
>» Milius: R
>» Milius: Red
>» Milius: Red s
>» Milius: Red sky
>» Milius: Red sky a
>» Milius: Red sky at
>» Milius: Red sky at ni
>» Milius: Red sky at nigh
>» Milius: Red sky at night,
sa
sail
>» Milius: Red sky at night,
sailor
sailor's
>» Milius: Red sky at night,
sailor's d
sailor's del
>» Milius: Red sky at night,
sailor's delig
sailor's delight
>» Milius: Red sky at night,
sailor's delight.
Re
Red
sailor's delight.
Red sk
Red sky
sailor's delight.
Red sky at
Red sky at n
sailor's delight.
Red sky at nig
Red sky at night
sailor's delight.
Red sky at night,
sa
sail
Red sky at night,
sailor
sailor's
Red sky at night,
sailor's d
sailor's del
Red sky at night,
sailor's delig
sailor's delight
Red sky at night,
sailor's delight.
(Exhales)
(Tense music)
♪
>»
>» I
>» I d
>» I don
>» I don't
>» I don't r
>» I don't rem
>» I don't remem
>» I don't remembe
>» I don't remember
>» I don't remember yo
>» I don't remember you.
»>
»> Y
>» I don't remember you.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
>» I don't remember you.
»> Yeah, n
»> Yeah, no
>» I don't remember you.
»> Yeah, no sh
»> Yeah, no shit
>» I don't remember you.
»> Yeah, no shit.
>» Yeah, no shit.
We
We'v
>» Yeah, no shit.
We've
We've ne
>» Yeah, no shit.
We've neve
We've never
>» Yeah, no shit.
We've never me
We've never met.
»>
»> T
We've never met.
»> The
»> Then
We've never met.
»> Then wh
»> Then who
We've never met.
»> Then who ar
»> Then who are
We've never met.
»> Then who are yo
»> Then who are you?
>» Then who are you?
»>
»> (
>» Then who are you?
»> (Ex
»> (Exha
>» Then who are you?
»> (Exhale
»> (Exhales)
>» (Exhales)
Yo
You
>» (Exhales)
You ev
You ever
>» (Exhales)
You ever h
You ever hea
>» (Exhales)
You ever hear
You ever hear of
>» (Exhales)
You ever hear of S
You ever hear of Sno
>» (Exhales)
You ever hear of Snowp
You ever hear of Snowpie
>» (Exhales)
You ever hear of Snowpierc
You ever hear of Snowpiercer
>» (Exhales)
You ever hear of Snowpiercer?
♪
(E
(Exh
(Exhal
(Exhales
(Exhales)
»>
»> R
(Exhales)
»> Rig
»> Right
(Exhales)
»> Right.
>» Right.
(F
(Foo
>» Right.
(Foots
(Footste
>» Right.
(Footsteps
(Footsteps)
Re
Read
(Footsteps)
Ready
Ready to
(Footsteps)
Ready to g
Ready to get
(Footsteps)
Ready to get b
Ready to get bac
(Footsteps)
Ready to get back
Ready to get back to
(Footsteps)
Ready to get back to i
Ready to get back to it?
Jo
Jose
Ready to get back to it?
Joseph
Joseph?
Ju
Just
Joseph?
Just t
Just the
Joseph?
Just the m
Just the man
Joseph?
Just the man I
Just the man I'v
Joseph?
Just the man I've
Just the man I've be
Joseph?
Just the man I've been
lo
look
Just the man I've been
lookin
looking
Just the man I've been
looking fo
looking for.
»>
»> A
looking for.
»> Ah.
>» Ah.
»>
»> N
>» Ah.
»> No
»> No ha
>» Ah.
»> No hard
»> No hard f
>» Ah.
»> No hard fee
»> No hard feeli
>» Ah.
»> No hard feeling
»> No hard feelings
>» No hard feelings
fr
from
>» No hard feelings
from e
from ear
>» No hard feelings
from earli
from earlier
>» No hard feelings
from earlier?
»>
»> O
from earlier?
»> Oh,
»> Oh, n
from earlier?
»> Oh, no,
»> Oh, no, n
from earlier?
»> Oh, no, no,
»> Oh, no, no, n
from earlier?
»> Oh, no, no, not
»> Oh, no, no, not a
from earlier?
»> Oh, no, no, not at
»> Oh, no, no, not at al
from earlier?
»> Oh, no, no, not at all.
>» Oh, no, no, not at all.
Ru
Rule
>» Oh, no, no, not at all.
Rules
Rules ar
>» Oh, no, no, not at all.
Rules are
Rules are ru
>» Oh, no, no, not at all.
Rules are rule
Rules are rules.
»>
»> M
Rules are rules.
»> Mil
»> Miliu
Rules are rules.
»> Milius:
»> Milius: O
Rules are rules.
»> Milius: Oh,
»> Milius: Oh, g
Rules are rules.
»> Milius: Oh, goo
»> Milius: Oh, good.
>» Milius: Oh, good.
We
Well
>» Milius: Oh, good.
Well,
Well, I'
>» Milius: Oh, good.
Well, I'll
Well, I'll a
>» Milius: Oh, good.
Well, I'll adm
Well, I'll admit
>» Milius: Oh, good.
Well, I'll admit,
Well, I'll admit, I
>» Milius: Oh, good.
Well, I'll admit, I wo
Well, I'll admit, I work
>» Milius: Oh, good.
Well, I'll admit, I work m
Well, I'll admit, I work my
me
men
Well, I'll admit, I work my
men ha
men hard
Well, I'll admit, I work my
men hard.
Bu
But
men hard.
But I
But I al
men hard.
But I also
But I also r
men hard.
But I also rew
But I also rewar
men hard.
But I also reward
But I also reward go
men hard.
But I also reward good
be
beha
But I also reward good
behavi
behaviou
But I also reward good
behaviour.
An
And
behaviour.
And yo
And you
behaviour.
And you ha
And you have
behaviour.
And you have b
And you have bee
behaviour.
And you have been
And you have been do
behaviour.
And you have been doin
And you have been doing
behaviour.
And you have been doing an
ex
exce
And you have been doing an
excell
excellen
And you have been doing an
excellent
excellent jo
And you have been doing an
excellent job,
excellent job, J
And you have been doing an
excellent job, Jos
excellent job, Josep
And you have been doing an
excellent job, Joseph.
Ma
Mayb
excellent job, Joseph.
Maybe
Maybe it
excellent job, Joseph.
Maybe it's
Maybe it's t
excellent job, Joseph.
Maybe it's tim
Maybe it's time
excellent job, Joseph.
Maybe it's time yo
Maybe it's time you
excellent job, Joseph.
Maybe it's time you le
Maybe it's time you let
excellent job, Joseph.
Maybe it's time you let of
Maybe it's time you let off
excellent job, Joseph.
Maybe it's time you let off so
Maybe it's time you let off some
st
stea
Maybe it's time you let off some
steam,
steam, g
Maybe it's time you let off some
steam, go
steam, go on
Maybe it's time you let off some
steam, go on a
steam, go on a l
Maybe it's time you let off some
steam, go on a lit
steam, go on a littl
Maybe it's time you let off some
steam, go on a little
steam, go on a little sa
Maybe it's time you let off some
steam, go on a little samp
steam, go on a little sample
ru
run
steam, go on a little sample
run wi
run with
steam, go on a little sample
run with t
run with the
steam, go on a little sample
run with the b
run with the boy
steam, go on a little sample
run with the boys.
(C
(Chu
run with the boys.
(Chuck
(Chuckli
run with the boys.
(Chuckling
(Chuckling)
»>
»> I
(Chuckling)
»> I'v
»> I've
(Chuckling)
»> I've he
»> I've hear
(Chuckling)
»> I've heard
»> I've heard ru
(Chuckling)
»> I've heard rumo
»> I've heard rumour
(Chuckling)
»> I've heard rumours
»> I've heard rumours of
(Chuckling)
»> I've heard rumours of t
»> I've heard rumours of thi
(Chuckling)
»> I've heard rumours of this
>» I've heard rumours of this
in
infa
>» I've heard rumours of this
infamo
infamous
>» I've heard rumours of this
infamous e
infamous exc
>» I've heard rumours of this
infamous excur
infamous excursi
>» I've heard rumours of this
infamous excursion
infamous excursion.
»>
»> J
infamous excursion.
»> Jus
»> Just
infamous excursion.
»> Just a
»> Just a bi
infamous excursion.
»> Just a bit
»> Just a bit of
infamous excursion.
»> Just a bit of f
»> Just a bit of fun
infamous excursion.
»> Just a bit of fun t
»> Just a bit of fun tha
infamous excursion.
»> Just a bit of fun that
>» Just a bit of fun that
ha
happ
>» Just a bit of fun that
happen
happens
>» Just a bit of fun that
happens to
happens to b
>» Just a bit of fun that
happens to ben
happens to benef
>» Just a bit of fun that
happens to benefit
happens to benefit o
>» Just a bit of fun that
happens to benefit our
happens to benefit our r
>» Just a bit of fun that
happens to benefit our res
happens to benefit our resea
>» Just a bit of fun that
happens to benefit our researc
happens to benefit our research.
Yo
You'
happens to benefit our research.
You'll
You'll l
happens to benefit our research.
You'll lov
You'll love
happens to benefit our research.
You'll love it
You'll love it.
»>
»> I
You'll love it.
»> It
»> It so
You'll love it.
»> It soun
»> It sounds
You'll love it.
»> It sounds m
»> It sounds mar
You'll love it.
»> It sounds marve
»> It sounds marvell
You'll love it.
»> It sounds marvellou
»> It sounds marvellous.
>» It sounds marvellous.
I'
I'll
>» It sounds marvellous.
I'll--
I'll-- W
>» It sounds marvellous.
I'll-- Wel
I'll-- Well,
>» It sounds marvellous.
I'll-- Well, I
I'll-- Well, I'l
>» It sounds marvellous.
I'll-- Well, I'll
I'll-- Well, I'll ju
>» It sounds marvellous.
I'll-- Well, I'll just
fi
fini
I'll-- Well, I'll just
finish
finish t
I'll-- Well, I'll just
finish the
finish the r
I'll-- Well, I'll just
finish the rep
finish the repai
I'll-- Well, I'll just
finish the repairs
finish the repairs a
I'll-- Well, I'll just
finish the repairs and
finish the repairs and--
»>
»> M
finish the repairs and--
»> Mil
»> Miliu
finish the repairs and--
»> Milius:
»> Milius: O
finish the repairs and--
»> Milius: Oh,
»> Milius: Oh, y
finish the repairs and--
»> Milius: Oh, you
»> Milius: Oh, you d
finish the repairs and--
»> Milius: Oh, you don
»> Milius: Oh, you don't
finish the repairs and--
»> Milius: Oh, you don't n
»> Milius: Oh, you don't nee
finish the repairs and--
»> Milius: Oh, you don't need
>» Milius: Oh, you don't need
to
to w
>» Milius: Oh, you don't need
to wor
to worry
>» Milius: Oh, you don't need
to worry a
to worry abo
>» Milius: Oh, you don't need
to worry about
to worry about t
>» Milius: Oh, you don't need
to worry about tho
to worry about those
>» Milius: Oh, you don't need
to worry about those.
Th
They
to worry about those.
They'l
They'll
to worry about those.
They'll be
They'll be h
to worry about those.
They'll be han
They'll be handl
to worry about those.
They'll be handled
They'll be handled.
(C
(Chu
They'll be handled.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
They'll be handled.
(Chuckles)
♪
>»
>» A
>» Ale
>» Alex:
>» Alex: D
>» Alex: Dub
>» Alex: Dubs,
>» Alex: Dubs, w
>» Alex: Dubs, whe
>» Alex: Dubs, where
>» Alex: Dubs, where a
>» Alex: Dubs, where are
yo
you
>» Alex: Dubs, where are
you he
you head
>» Alex: Dubs, where are
you headed
you headed?
»>
»> W
you headed?
»> Wel
»> Well,
you headed?
»> Well, t
»> Well, tha
you headed?
»> Well, thank
»> Well, thank y
you headed?
»> Well, thank you
»> Well, thank you f
you headed?
»> Well, thank you for
»> Well, thank you for h
you headed?
»> Well, thank you for hol
»> Well, thank you for holdi
you headed?
»> Well, thank you for holding
>» Well, thank you for holding
my
my c
>» Well, thank you for holding
my cas
my case.
Th
That
my case.
That w
That was
my case.
That was v
That was ver
my case.
That was very
That was very ki
my case.
That was very kind
That was very kind o
my case.
That was very kind of
That was very kind of yo
my case.
That was very kind of you.
»>
»> D
That was very kind of you.
»> Did
»> Did y
That was very kind of you.
»> Did you
»> Did you s
That was very kind of you.
»> Did you smo
»> Did you smoke
That was very kind of you.
»> Did you smoke o
»> Did you smoke one
That was very kind of you.
»> Did you smoke one t
»> Did you smoke one too
That was very kind of you.
»> Did you smoke one too m
»> Did you smoke one too man
That was very kind of you.
»> Did you smoke one too many?
>» Did you smoke one too many?
Wh
What
>» Did you smoke one too many?
What's
What's g
>» Did you smoke one too many?
What's goi
What's going
>» Did you smoke one too many?
What's going o
What's going on?
♪
>»
>» S
>» Sta
>» Stay
>» Stay on
>» Stay on t
>» Stay on the
>» Stay on the r
>» Stay on the rig
>» Stay on the right
>» Stay on the right s
>» Stay on the right sid
>» Stay on the right side
of
of t
>» Stay on the right side
of the
of the t
>» Stay on the right side
of the tra
of the track
>» Stay on the right side
of the tracks,
of the tracks, A
>» Stay on the right side
of the tracks, Ale
of the tracks, Alex.
♪
>»
>» D
>» Don
>» Don't
>» Don't w
>» Don't wor
>» Don't worry
>» Don't worry a
>» Don't worry abo
>» Don't worry about
>» Don't worry about h
>» Don't worry about him
>» Don't worry about him.
I
I ne
>» Don't worry about him.
I need
I need y
>» Don't worry about him.
I need you
I need you t
>» Don't worry about him.
I need you tak
I need you take
>» Don't worry about him.
I need you take ov
I need you take over
>» Don't worry about him.
I need you take over r
I need you take over rep
>» Don't worry about him.
I need you take over repai
I need you take over repairs
on
on t
I need you take over repairs
on the
on the s
I need you take over repairs
on the sub
on the subtr
I need you take over repairs
on the subtrai
on the subtrain.
♪
(Train rattling)
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton:
>» Layton: W
>» Layton: We
>» Layton: We li
>» Layton: We live
>» Layton: We lived
>» Layton: We lived li
>» Layton: We lived like
>» Layton: We lived like t
>» Layton: We lived like tha
>» Layton: We lived like that
fo
for
>» Layton: We lived like that
for se
for seve
>» Layton: We lived like that
for seven
for seven ye
>» Layton: We lived like that
for seven year
for seven years.
We
We w
for seven years.
We wer
We were
for seven years.
We were to
We were tota
for seven years.
We were totall
We were totally
for seven years.
We were totally at
We were totally at t
for seven years.
We were totally at the
We were totally at the m
for seven years.
We were totally at the mer
We were totally at the mercy
for seven years.
We were totally at the mercy o
We were totally at the mercy of
th
thos
We were totally at the mercy of
those
those on
We were totally at the mercy of
those on t
those on top
We were totally at the mercy of
those on top,
those on top, so
We were totally at the mercy of
those on top, so I
those on top, so I c
We were totally at the mercy of
those on top, so I can
those on top, so I can r
We were totally at the mercy of
those on top, so I can rel
those on top, so I can relat
We were totally at the mercy of
those on top, so I can relate.
♪
I'
I'm
I'm no
I'm not
I'm not a
I'm not a th
I'm not a thre
I'm not a threat
I'm not a threat.
»>
»> M
I'm not a threat.
»> Man
»> Man:
I'm not a threat.
»> Man: El
»> Man: Elev
I'm not a threat.
»> Man: Elevat
»> Man: Elevator
I'm not a threat.
»> Man: Elevator's
»> Man: Elevator's c
I'm not a threat.
»> Man: Elevator's com
»> Man: Elevator's comin
I'm not a threat.
»> Man: Elevator's coming!
♪
(I
(Ind
(Indis
(Indisti
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
(Indistinct ch
(Indistinct chat
(Indistinct chatte
(Indistinct chatter)
»>
»> H
(Indistinct chatter)
»> Hey
»> Hey!
(Indistinct chatter)
»> Hey! He
»> Hey! Hey,
(Indistinct chatter)
»> Hey! Hey, h
»> Hey! Hey, hey
(Indistinct chatter)
»> Hey! Hey, hey.
>» Hey! Hey, hey.
Oh
Oh,
>» Hey! Hey, hey.
Oh, co
Oh, come
>» Hey! Hey, hey.
Oh, come o
Oh, come on,
>» Hey! Hey, hey.
Oh, come on, r
Oh, come on, rea
>» Hey! Hey, hey.
Oh, come on, reall
Oh, come on, really?
(Doors clattering)
♪
(Clattering)
>»
>» O
>» Oso
>» Osond
>» Osondu:
>» Osondu: I
>» Osondu: If
>» Osondu: If yo
>» Osondu: If you
>» Osondu: If you do
>» Osondu: If you don'
>» Osondu: If you don't
>» Osondu: If you don't pl
>» Osondu: If you don't play
>» Osondu: If you don't play,
yo
you
>» Osondu: If you don't play,
you do
you don'
>» Osondu: If you don't play,
you don't
you don't ea
>» Osondu: If you don't play,
you don't eat.
(Clattering)
Yoo-hoo!
♪
(Clattering)
>»
>» W
>» Wol
>» Wolf:
>» Wolf: T
>» Wolf: Tar
>» Wolf: Targe
>» Wolf: Targets
>» Wolf: Targets 4
>» Wolf: Targets 4-1
an
and
>» Wolf: Targets 4-1
and 4-
and 4-12
>» Wolf: Targets 4-1
and 4-12.
»>
»> O
and 4-12.
»> Oso
»> Osond
and 4-12.
»> Osondu:
»> Osondu: D
and 4-12.
»> Osondu: Din
»> Osondu: Dinne
and 4-12.
»> Osondu: Dinner
»> Osondu: Dinner is
and 4-12.
»> Osondu: Dinner is r
»> Osondu: Dinner is rea
and 4-12.
»> Osondu: Dinner is ready
»> Osondu: Dinner is ready!
>» Osondu: Dinner is ready!
Ov
Over
>» Osondu: Dinner is ready!
Over t
Over the
>» Osondu: Dinner is ready!
Over there
Over there.
(Footsteps)
(Rustling)
>»
>» I
>» Is
>» Is th
>» Is this
>» Is this y
>» Is this you
>» Is this your
>» Is this your id
>» Is this your idea
>» Is this your idea o
>» Is this your idea of
>» Is this your idea of fu
>» Is this your idea of fun?
(L
(Lou
>» Is this your idea of fun?
(Loud
(Loud cl
>» Is this your idea of fun?
(Loud clic
(Loud click)
(R
(Roc
(Loud click)
(Rock
(Rock mu
(Loud click)
(Rock musi
(Rock music
(Loud click)
(Rock music bl
(Rock music blas
(Loud click)
(Rock music blasti
(Rock music blasting
(Loud click)
(Rock music blasting)
Ah
Ah,
(Rock music blasting)
Ah, th
Ah, that
(Rock music blasting)
Ah, that's
Ah, that's b
(Rock music blasting)
Ah, that's bet
Ah, that's bette
(Rock music blasting)
Ah, that's better.
♪
♪ I said the joker
is a wanted man ♪
>» Wolf: No swarming!
♪ He makes his way
all across the land ♪
♪ See him sifting
through the sand ♪
♪ So I'll tell you
all the story... ♪
(Fight din)
(Panting)
>» Man: Watch out!
♪
♪ Always living
in the final hour ♪
♪ There is always
sweet and sour ♪
(Grunting)
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wol
>» Wolf:
>» Wolf: L
>» Wolf: Let
>» Wolf: Let's
>» Wolf: Let's c
>» Wolf: Let's cle
>» Wolf: Let's clear
>» Wolf: Let's clear o
>» Wolf: Let's clear out
>» Wolf: Let's clear out!
(U
(Unc
>» Wolf: Let's clear out!
(Uncle
(Unclear
>» Wolf: Let's clear out!
(Unclear)
♪ Can you see
the joker flying over ♪
(Footsteps)
(Grunting)
(Soft tense music)
♪
(Clattering)
(Gun clicking)
♪
>» It's all right.
I
I kn
I know
I know y
I know you
I know you'r
I know you're
I know you're ju
I know you're just
fo
foll
I know you're just
follow
followin
I know you're just
following
following or
I know you're just
following orde
following orders
I know you're just
following orders.
♪
(Gun rattles)
(Doors whirring)
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton:
>» Layton: Y
>» Layton: You
>» Layton: You s
>» Layton: You sho
>» Layton: You shoul
>» Layton: You should
>» Layton: You should ha
>» Layton: You should have
ta
take
>» Layton: You should have
taken
taken th
>» Layton: You should have
taken the
taken the bu
>» Layton: You should have
taken the bull
taken the bullet
>» Layton: You should have
taken the bullet.
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
(Whacking)
(Grunting)
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You w
>» You wil
>» You will
>» You will ne
>» You will neve
>» You will never
>» You will never co
>» You will never come
>» You will never come n
>» You will never come nea
>» You will never come near
my
my d
>» You will never come near
my dau
my daugh
>» You will never come near
my daughte
my daughter
>» You will never come near
my daughter ag
my daughter agai
>» You will never come near
my daughter again.
(Whack)
(Grunts)
♪
(High-pitched ringing)
(Blade slashing)
(Groaning)
(Grunting)
♪
(Groaning)
(Distant din)
(Door clicks)
(Rustling)
(Room din)
>»
>» H
>» Hiy
>» Hiya.
»>
»> I
>» Hiya.
»> I'd
»> I'd s
>» Hiya.
»> I'd say
»> I'd say e
>» Hiya.
»> I'd say eat
»> I'd say eat i
>» Hiya.
»> I'd say eat it
»> I'd say eat it wh
>» Hiya.
»> I'd say eat it whil
»> I'd say eat it while
>» Hiya.
»> I'd say eat it while it
»> I'd say eat it while it's
>» Hiya.
»> I'd say eat it while it's h
»> I'd say eat it while it's hot
>» I'd say eat it while it's hot
bu
but
>» I'd say eat it while it's hot
but it
but it p
>» I'd say eat it while it's hot
but it pro
but it proba
>» I'd say eat it while it's hot
but it probabl
but it probably
>» I'd say eat it while it's hot
but it probably wo
but it probably won'
>» I'd say eat it while it's hot
but it probably won't
but it probably won't ma
>» I'd say eat it while it's hot
but it probably won't make
mu
much
but it probably won't make
much..
much...
but it probably won't make
much... di
much... diff
but it probably won't make
much... differ
much... differen
but it probably won't make
much... difference
much... difference.
(Rustling)
(Clinking)
(Room din)
Can I join you?
(Rustling)
(Sighing)
(Laughing)
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You k
>» You kno
>» You know
>» You know I'
>» You know I've
>» You know I've g
>» You know I've giv
>» You know I've given
>» You know I've given l
>» You know I've given lot
>» You know I've given lots
>» You know I've given lots of
sp
spee
>» You know I've given lots of
speech
speeches
>» You know I've given lots of
speeches o
speeches ove
>» You know I've given lots of
speeches over
speeches over th
>» You know I've given lots of
speeches over the
speeches over the pa
>» You know I've given lots of
speeches over the past
speeches over the past y
>» You know I've given lots of
speeches over the past yea
speeches over the past year?
»>
»> T
speeches over the past year?
»> Til
»> Till:
speeches over the past year?
»> Till: Y
»> Till: Yea
speeches over the past year?
»> Till: Yeah,
»> Till: Yeah, I
speeches over the past year?
»> Till: Yeah, I c
»> Till: Yeah, I cou
speeches over the past year?
»> Till: Yeah, I could
»> Till: Yeah, I could t
speeches over the past year?
»> Till: Yeah, I could tel
»> Till: Yeah, I could tell.
>» Till: Yeah, I could tell.
Yo
You
>» Till: Yeah, I could tell.
You na
You nail
>» Till: Yeah, I could tell.
You nailed
You nailed i
>» Till: Yeah, I could tell.
You nailed it.
»>
»> D
You nailed it.
»> Did
»> Did y
You nailed it.
»> Did you
»> Did you f
You nailed it.
»> Did you fin
»> Did you finis
You nailed it.
»> Did you finish
»> Did you finish it
You nailed it.
»> Did you finish it f
»> Did you finish it for
You nailed it.
»> Did you finish it for m
»> Did you finish it for me
>» Did you finish it for me
th
then
>» Did you finish it for me
then,
then, di
>» Did you finish it for me
then, did
then, did ya
>» Did you finish it for me
then, did ya,
then, did ya, hm
>» Did you finish it for me
then, did ya, hmm?
Te
Tell
then, did ya, hmm?
Tell '
Tell 'em
then, did ya, hmm?
Tell 'em a
Tell 'em all
then, did ya, hmm?
Tell 'em all e
Tell 'em all eve
then, did ya, hmm?
Tell 'em all every
Tell 'em all everyth
then, did ya, hmm?
Tell 'em all everythin
Tell 'em all everything'
then, did ya, hmm?
Tell 'em all everything's
go
goin
Tell 'em all everything's
going
going to
Tell 'em all everything's
going to b
going to be
Tell 'em all everything's
going to be al
going to be all
Tell 'em all everything's
going to be all ri
going to be all righ
Tell 'em all everything's
going to be all right?
»>
»> H
going to be all right?
»> Hel
»> Hell,
going to be all right?
»> Hell, n
»> Hell, no.
>» Hell, no.
Th
They
>» Hell, no.
They'd
They'd n
>» Hell, no.
They'd nev
They'd never
>» Hell, no.
They'd never b
They'd never bel
>» Hell, no.
They'd never belie
They'd never believe
>» Hell, no.
They'd never believe m
They'd never believe me.
I
I do
They'd never believe me.
I don'
I don't
They'd never believe me.
I don't ha
I don't have
They'd never believe me.
I don't have t
I don't have tha
They'd never believe me.
I don't have that
I don't have that th
They'd never believe me.
I don't have that thin
I don't have that thing
yo
you
I don't have that thing
you ha
you have
I don't have that thing
you have.
»>
»> W
you have.
»> Wha
»> What,
you have.
»> What, c
»> What, com
you have.
»> What, compo
»> What, composu
you have.
»> What, composure
»> What, composure?
>» What, composure?
»>
»> (
>» What, composure?
»> (Sc
»> (Scof
>» What, composure?
»> (Scoffs
»> (Scoffs)
>» What, composure?
»> (Scoffs) Ye
»> (Scoffs) Yeah
>» What, composure?
»> (Scoffs) Yeah.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You k
>» You kno
>» You know,
>» You know, i
>» You know, it'
>» You know, it's
>» You know, it's no
>» You know, it's not
>» You know, it's not li
>» You know, it's not like
>» You know, it's not like I
>» You know, it's not like I'v
>» You know, it's not like I've
al
alwa
>» You know, it's not like I've
always
always b
>» You know, it's not like I've
always bel
always belie
>» You know, it's not like I've
always believe
always believed
>» You know, it's not like I've
always believed th
always believed that
>» You know, it's not like I've
always believed that e
always believed that eve
>» You know, it's not like I've
always believed that every
always believed that everyth
>» You know, it's not like I've
always believed that everythin
always believed that everything
wo
woul
always believed that everything
would
would be
always believed that everything
would be a
would be all
always believed that everything
would be all r
would be all rig
always believed that everything
would be all right
would be all right,
always believed that everything
would be all right, wh
would be all right, when
always believed that everything
would be all right, when I
would be all right, when I s
always believed that everything
would be all right, when I sai
would be all right, when I said
th
they
would be all right, when I said
they w
they wou
would be all right, when I said
they would
they would b
would be all right, when I said
they would be
they would be al
would be all right, when I said
they would be all
they would be all ri
would be all right, when I said
they would be all righ
they would be all right.
Bu
But
they would be all right.
But th
But this
they would be all right.
But this t
But this tim
they would be all right.
But this time'
But this time's
they would be all right.
But this time's di
But this time's diff
they would be all right.
But this time's differ
But this time's differen
they would be all right.
But this time's different.
(S
(Sig
But this time's different.
(Sighs
(Sighs)
We
We'v
(Sighs)
We've
We've ne
(Sighs)
We've neve
We've never
(Sighs)
We've never lo
We've never lost
(Sighs)
We've never lost a
We've never lost an
(Sighs)
We've never lost an en
We've never lost an engi
(Sighs)
We've never lost an engine
We've never lost an engineer
(Sighs)
We've never lost an engineer.
Th
Ther
We've never lost an engineer.
There'
There's
We've never lost an engineer.
There's no
There's no c
We've never lost an engineer.
There's no com
There's no comfo
We've never lost an engineer.
There's no comfort
There's no comfortin
We've never lost an engineer.
There's no comforting
There's no comforting tr
We've never lost an engineer.
There's no comforting trad
There's no comforting tradit
We've never lost an engineer.
There's no comforting traditio
There's no comforting tradition
to
to j
There's no comforting tradition
to jus
to just
There's no comforting tradition
to just pu
to just pull
There's no comforting tradition
to just pull f
to just pull fro
There's no comforting tradition
to just pull from
to just pull from th
There's no comforting tradition
to just pull from the
to just pull from the ha
There's no comforting tradition
to just pull from the hand
to just pull from the handbo
There's no comforting tradition
to just pull from the handbook
to just pull from the handbook.
♪
>» Then we'll make one up.
>»
>» F
>» For
>» For B
>» For Ben
>» For Ben.
»>
»> F
>» For Ben.
»> For
»> For B
>» For Ben.
»> For Ben
»> For Ben.
♪
(S
(Sig
(Sighs
(Sighs)
»>
»> W
(Sighs)
»> Wha
»> What
(Sighs)
»> What wo
»> What woul
(Sighs)
»> What would
»> What would th
(Sighs)
»> What would the
»> What would the mi
(Sighs)
»> What would the mili
»> What would the milita
(Sighs)
»> What would the military
>» What would the military
wa
want
>» What would the military
want w
want wit
>» What would the military
want with
want with St
>» What would the military
want with Stu
want with Stu Wh
>» What would the military
want with Stu Whig
want with Stu Whiggi
>» What would the military
want with Stu Whiggins
want with Stu Whiggins?
He
He d
want with Stu Whiggins?
He doe
He doesn
want with Stu Whiggins?
He doesn't
He doesn't h
want with Stu Whiggins?
He doesn't hav
He doesn't have
want with Stu Whiggins?
He doesn't have an
He doesn't have any
want with Stu Whiggins?
He doesn't have any sk
He doesn't have any skil
want with Stu Whiggins?
He doesn't have any skills
He doesn't have any skills.
»>
»> H
He doesn't have any skills.
»> He
»> He pr
He doesn't have any skills.
»> He prob
»> He probab
He doesn't have any skills.
»> He probably
»> He probably i
He doesn't have any skills.
»> He probably isn
»> He probably isn't
>» He probably isn't
ou
out
>» He probably isn't
out th
out ther
>» He probably isn't
out there
out there al
>» He probably isn't
out there alon
out there alone!
»>
»> O
out there alone!
»> Oh!
>» Oh!
»>
»> A
>» Oh!
»> And
»> And R
>» Oh!
»> And Roc
»> And Roche
>» Oh!
»> And Roche g
»> And Roche goi
>» Oh!
»> And Roche going
»> And Roche going m
>» Oh!
»> And Roche going mis
»> And Roche going missi
>» Oh!
»> And Roche going missing
>» And Roche going missing
ri
righ
>» And Roche going missing
right
right ne
>» And Roche going missing
right next
right next t
>» And Roche going missing
right next to
right next to hi
>» And Roche going missing
right next to his
right next to his ca
>» And Roche going missing
right next to his camp
right next to his camp?
It
It's
right next to his camp?
It's n
It's not
right next to his camp?
It's not a
It's not a c
right next to his camp?
It's not a coi
It's not a coinc
right next to his camp?
It's not a coincid
It's not a coinciden
right next to his camp?
It's not a coincidence
It's not a coincidence.
We
We s
It's not a coincidence.
We sho
We shoul
It's not a coincidence.
We should
We should in
It's not a coincidence.
We should incr
We should increa
It's not a coincidence.
We should increase
We should increase s
It's not a coincidence.
We should increase sec
We should increase secur
It's not a coincidence.
We should increase securit
We should increase security.
»>
»> H
We should increase security.
»> He'
»> He's
We should increase security.
»> He's mo
»> He's most
We should increase security.
»> He's most d
»> He's most def
We should increase security.
»> He's most defin
»> He's most definit
We should increase security.
»> He's most definitel
»> He's most definitely
>» He's most definitely
hi
hidi
>» He's most definitely
hiding
hiding s
>» He's most definitely
hiding som
hiding somet
>» He's most definitely
hiding somethi
hiding something
>» He's most definitely
hiding something.
It
It l
hiding something.
It loo
It looks
hiding something.
It looks l
It looks lik
hiding something.
It looks like
he
he's
It looks like
he's t
he's ter
It looks like
he's terri
he's terrifi
It looks like
he's terrified
he's terrified o
It looks like
he's terrified of
he's terrified of us
It looks like
he's terrified of us.
»>
»> W
he's terrified of us.
»> Wel
»> Well,
he's terrified of us.
»> Well, i
»> Well, if
he's terrified of us.
»> Well, if by
»> Well, if by u
he's terrified of us.
»> Well, if by us
»> Well, if by us yo
he's terrified of us.
»> Well, if by us you
>» Well, if by us you
me
mean
>» Well, if by us you
mean W
mean Wil
>» Well, if by us you
mean Wilfo
mean Wilford
>» Well, if by us you
mean Wilford's
mean Wilford's f
>» Well, if by us you
mean Wilford's for
mean Wilford's forme
>» Well, if by us you
mean Wilford's former
He
Head
mean Wilford's former
Head o
Head of
mean Wilford's former
Head of Se
Head of Secu
mean Wilford's former
Head of Securi
Head of Security
mean Wilford's former
Head of Security.
♪
>»
>» O
>» Old
>» Old h
>» Old hab
>» Old habit
>» Old habits
>» Old habits di
>» Old habits die
>» Old habits die ha
>» Old habits die hard
>» Old habits die hard,
>» Old habits die hard, ri
>» Old habits die hard, righ
>» Old habits die hard, right?
»>
»> W
>» Old habits die hard, right?
»> Wel
»> Well
>» Old habits die hard, right?
»> Well ye
»> Well yeah
>» Old habits die hard, right?
»> Well yeah,
>» Well yeah,
yo
you'
>» Well yeah,
you're
you're b
>» Well yeah,
you're blo
you're blood
>» Well yeah,
you're bloody
you're bloody we
>» Well yeah,
you're bloody well
you're bloody well g
>» Well yeah,
you're bloody well goo
you're bloody well good
>» Well yeah,
you're bloody well good at
you're bloody well good at t
>» Well yeah,
you're bloody well good at tha
you're bloody well good at that.
»>
»> I
you're bloody well good at that.
»> I d
»> I don
you're bloody well good at that.
»> I don't
»> I don't w
you're bloody well good at that.
»> I don't wan
»> I don't want
you're bloody well good at that.
»> I don't want to
»> I don't want to b
you're bloody well good at that.
»> I don't want to be.
>» I don't want to be.
Th
That
>» I don't want to be.
That's
That's w
>» I don't want to be.
That's why
That's why I
>» I don't want to be.
That's why I c
That's why I cho
>» I don't want to be.
That's why I chose
That's why I chose A
>» I don't want to be.
That's why I chose Ag-
That's why I chose Ag-Se
>» I don't want to be.
That's why I chose Ag-Sec,
to
to s
That's why I chose Ag-Sec,
to ste
to steer
That's why I chose Ag-Sec,
to steer c
to steer cle
That's why I chose Ag-Sec,
to steer clear
to steer clear o
That's why I chose Ag-Sec,
to steer clear of
to steer clear of tr
That's why I chose Ag-Sec,
to steer clear of trig
to steer clear of trigge
That's why I chose Ag-Sec,
to steer clear of triggeri
to steer clear of triggering
my
my i
to steer clear of triggering
my ins
my insti
to steer clear of triggering
my instinc
my instincts
to steer clear of triggering
my instincts f
my instincts fro
to steer clear of triggering
my instincts from
my instincts from th
to steer clear of triggering
my instincts from the
my instincts from the pa
to steer clear of triggering
my instincts from the past
my instincts from the past--
»>
»> H
my instincts from the past--
»> Hey
»> Hey,
my instincts from the past--
»> Hey, he
»> Hey, hey,
my instincts from the past--
»> Hey, hey, h
»> Hey, hey, hey
my instincts from the past--
»> Hey, hey, hey.
>» Hey, hey, hey.
Th
They
>» Hey, hey, hey.
They'r
They're
>» Hey, hey, hey.
They're no
They're not
>» Hey, hey, hey.
They're not yo
They're not your
>» Hey, hey, hey.
They're not your i
They're not your ins
>» Hey, hey, hey.
They're not your insti
They're not your instinc
>» Hey, hey, hey.
They're not your instincts
They're not your instincts.
Th
They
They're not your instincts.
They'r
They're
They're not your instincts.
They're th
They're the
They're not your instincts.
They're the on
They're the ones
They're not your instincts.
They're the ones W
They're the ones Wil
They're not your instincts.
They're the ones Wilfo
They're the ones Wilford
in
inst
They're the ones Wilford
instil
instille
They're the ones Wilford
instilled
instilled in
They're the ones Wilford
instilled in y
instilled in you
They're the ones Wilford
instilled in you.
»>
»> Y
instilled in you.
»> You
»> You k
instilled in you.
»> You kno
»> You know
instilled in you.
»> You know Wh
»> You know Whig
instilled in you.
»> You know Whiggi
»> You know Whiggins
instilled in you.
»> You know Whiggins w
»> You know Whiggins was
>» You know Whiggins was
a
a fo
>» You know Whiggins was
a form
a former
>» You know Whiggins was
a former F
a former Fir
>» You know Whiggins was
a former First
a former Firstie
>» You know Whiggins was
a former Firstie,
a former Firstie, ri
>» You know Whiggins was
a former Firstie, righ
a former Firstie, right?
Wh
Who
a former Firstie, right?
Who ma
Who made
a former Firstie, right?
Who made J
Who made Jac
a former Firstie, right?
Who made Jackb
Who made Jackboo
a former Firstie, right?
Who made Jackboot
Who made Jackboot un
a former Firstie, right?
Who made Jackboot unde
Who made Jackboot under
Wi
Wilf
Who made Jackboot under
Wilfor
Wilford'
Who made Jackboot under
Wilford's
Wilford's re
Who made Jackboot under
Wilford's regi
Wilford's regime
Who made Jackboot under
Wilford's regime.
He
He s
Wilford's regime.
He spe
He spent
Wilford's regime.
He spent a
He spent alm
Wilford's regime.
He spent almos
He spent almost
Wilford's regime.
He spent almost ev
He spent almost ever
Wilford's regime.
He spent almost every
ni
nigh
He spent almost every
night
night in
He spent almost every
night in t
night in the
He spent almost every
night in the N
night in the Nig
He spent almost every
night in the Night
night in the Nightca
He spent almost every
night in the Nightcar.
Le
Let
night in the Nightcar.
Let me
Let me h
night in the Nightcar.
Let me hav
Let me have
night in the Nightcar.
Let me have a
Let me have a ni
night in the Nightcar.
Let me have a nigh
Let me have a night
al
alon
Let me have a night
alone
alone wi
Let me have a night
alone with
alone with h
Let me have a night
alone with him
alone with him.
I'
I'll
alone with him.
I'll g
I'll get
alone with him.
I'll get h
I'll get him
alone with him.
I'll get him t
I'll get him to
alone with him.
I'll get him to ta
I'll get him to talk
alone with him.
I'll get him to talk.
Do
Don'
I'll get him to talk.
Don't
Don't wo
I'll get him to talk.
Don't worr
Don't worry.
I'
I'll
Don't worry.
I'll b
I'll be
Don't worry.
I'll be ge
I'll be gent
Don't worry.
I'll be gentle
I'll be gentle.
♪
(Grunting)
(Smashing)
>» Woman: Hey, hey!
(Layton panting)
I
I ca
I can
I can he
I can help
I can help w
I can help wit
I can help with
I can help with th
I can help with that
I can help with that.
»>
»> N
I can help with that.
»> No
»> No mo
I can help with that.
»> No more
»> No more z
I can help with that.
»> No more zip
»> No more zip t
I can help with that.
»> No more zip tie
»> No more zip ties?
>» No more zip ties?
»>
»> D
>» No more zip ties?
»> Dep
»> Depen
>» No more zip ties?
»> Depends
»> Depends.
>» Depends.
Ca
Can
>» Depends.
Can yo
Can you
>» Depends.
Can you si
Can you sit
>» Depends.
Can you sit st
Can you sit stil
>» Depends.
Can you sit still?
»>
»> I
Can you sit still?
»> I'l
»> I'll
Can you sit still?
»> I'll tr
»> I'll try.
(Gasping in pain)
♪
>»
>» M
>» My
>» My na
>» My name
>» My name's
>» My name's K
>» My name's Kar
>» My name's Kari.
»>
»> A
>» My name's Kari.
»> And
»> Andre
>» My name's Kari.
»> Andre.
(Grunting)
(Panting)
(Gasping in pain)
♪
(Panting)
>»
>» T
>» Thi
>» This
>» This wa
>» This was
>» This was an
>» This was an i
>» This was an int
>» This was an inter
>» This was an interna
>» This was an internati
>» This was an internation
>» This was an international
pe
peac
>» This was an international
peacek
peacekee
>» This was an international
peacekeepi
peacekeeping
>» This was an international
peacekeeping l
peacekeeping lab
>» This was an international
peacekeeping lab.
We
We w
peacekeeping lab.
We wer
We were
peacekeeping lab.
We were tr
We were tryi
peacekeeping lab.
We were trying
We were trying t
peacekeeping lab.
We were trying to
We were trying to fi
peacekeeping lab.
We were trying to find
We were trying to find a
peacekeeping lab.
We were trying to find a w
We were trying to find a way
to
to r
We were trying to find a way
to rev
to rever
We were trying to find a way
to reverse
to reverse t
We were trying to find a way
to reverse the
to reverse the a
We were trying to find a way
to reverse the aff
to reverse the affec
We were trying to find a way
to reverse the affects
to reverse the affects o
We were trying to find a way
to reverse the affects of
to reverse the affects of CW
We were trying to find a way
to reverse the affects of CW-7
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
bu
but
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
but th
but ther
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
but there
but there wa
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
but there was
but there was a
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
but there was a ch
but there was a chem
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
but there was a chemic
but there was a chemical
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
but there was a chemical l
but there was a chemical lea
to reverse the affects of CW-7,
but there was a chemical leak.
We
We s
but there was a chemical leak.
We sea
We seale
but there was a chemical leak.
We sealed
We sealed of
but there was a chemical leak.
We sealed off
We sealed off th
but there was a chemical leak.
We sealed off the
We sealed off the fl
but there was a chemical leak.
We sealed off the floo
We sealed off the floors
but there was a chemical leak.
We sealed off the floors.
Co
Coul
We sealed off the floors.
Couldn
Couldn't
We sealed off the floors.
Couldn't g
Couldn't get
We sealed off the floors.
Couldn't get o
Couldn't get out
We sealed off the floors.
Couldn't get out.
Th
Then
Couldn't get out.
Then w
Then we
Couldn't get out.
Then we re
Then we real
Couldn't get out.
Then we realiz
Then we realized
Couldn't get out.
Then we realized w
Then we realized we
Couldn't get out.
Then we realized we we
Then we realized we were
no
now
Then we realized we were
now th
now the
Then we realized we were
now the ex
now the expe
Then we realized we were
now the experi
now the experime
Then we realized we were
now the experiment
now the experiments.
»>
»> H
now the experiments.
»> How
»> How l
now the experiments.
»> How lon
»> How long
now the experiments.
»> How long ha
»> How long have
>» How long have
yo
you
>» How long have
you be
you been
>» How long have
you been d
you been dow
>» How long have
you been down
you been down he
>» How long have
you been down here
you been down here?
»>
»> L
you been down here?
»> Lit
»> Littl
you been down here?
»> Little
»> Little ov
you been down here?
»> Little over
»> Little over t
you been down here?
»> Little over thr
»> Little over three
you been down here?
»> Little over three y
»> Little over three yea
you been down here?
»> Little over three years
»> Little over three years.
>» Little over three years.
»>
»> T
>» Little over three years.
»> Thr
»> Three
>» Little over three years.
»> Three y
»> Three yea
>» Little over three years.
»> Three years
»> Three years?!
>» Three years?!
Yo
You
>» Three years?!
You st
You stil
>» Three years?!
You still
You still ha
>» Three years?!
You still have
You still haven'
>» Three years?!
You still haven't
fo
foun
You still haven't
found
found a
You still haven't
found a wa
found a way
You still haven't
found a way ou
found a way out?
»>
»> T
found a way out?
»> To
»> To go
found a way out?
»> To go w
»> To go whe
found a way out?
»> To go where
»> To go where?
>» To go where?
Go
Good
>» To go where?
Good l
Good luc
>» To go where?
Good luck
Good luck wi
>» To go where?
Good luck with
Good luck with t
>» To go where?
Good luck with tha
Good luck with that.
♪
(W
(Win
(Wind
(Wind ho
(Wind howl
(Wind howlin
(Wind howling)
(Wind howling outside)
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» Thank
>» Thanks.
Oh
Oh.
(Wind howling outside)
So
So,
So, um
So, um..
So, um...
So, um... an
So, um... anyo
So, um... anyone
So, um... anyone e
So, um... anyone els
So, um... anyone else
li
live
So, um... anyone else
live t
live thi
So, um... anyone else
live this
live this fa
So, um... anyone else
live this far
live this far ou
So, um... anyone else
live this far out
live this far out of
So, um... anyone else
live this far out of t
live this far out of tow
So, um... anyone else
live this far out of town?
»>
»> N
live this far out of town?
»> Nop
»> Nope,
live this far out of town?
»> Nope, j
»> Nope, jus
live this far out of town?
»> Nope, just
»> Nope, just me
live this far out of town?
»> Nope, just me.
>» Nope, just me.
Th
That
>» Nope, just me.
That's
That's w
>» Nope, just me.
That's wha
That's what
>» Nope, just me.
That's what I
That's what I li
>» Nope, just me.
That's what I like
That's what I like a
>» Nope, just me.
That's what I like abo
That's what I like about
>» Nope, just me.
That's what I like about i
That's what I like about it,
to
to b
That's what I like about it,
to be
to be ho
That's what I like about it,
to be hone
to be honest
That's what I like about it,
to be honest.
Th
They
to be honest.
They d
They don
to be honest.
They don't
They don't l
to be honest.
They don't lik
They don't like
to be honest.
They don't like me
They don't like me.
I
I do
They don't like me.
I don'
I don't
They don't like me.
I don't li
I don't like
They don't like me.
I don't like t
I don't like the
They don't like me.
I don't like them.
»>
»> R
I don't like them.
»> Rig
»> Right
I don't like them.
»> Right,
»> Right, of
I don't like them.
»> Right, of c
»> Right, of cou
I don't like them.
»> Right, of cours
»> Right, of course.
>» Right, of course.
Be
Beca
>» Right, of course.
Becaus
Because
>» Right, of course.
Because mo
Because most
>» Right, of course.
Because most o
Because most of
>» Right, of course.
Because most of th
Because most of them
ar
are
Because most of them
are al
are all
Because most of them
are all Ta
are all Tail
Because most of them
are all Tailie
are all Tailies.
(O
(Oz
are all Tailies.
(Oz si
(Oz sigh
are all Tailies.
(Oz sighs)
»>
»> I
(Oz sighs)
»> I w
»> I was
(Oz sighs)
»> I was n
»> I was nal
(Oz sighs)
»> I was nalï
»> I was nalve
(Oz sighs)
»> I was nalve t
»> I was nalve to
(Oz sighs)
»> I was nalve to th
»> I was nalve to thin
(Oz sighs)
»> I was nalve to think
»> I was nalve to think I'
(Oz sighs)
»> I was nalve to think I'd
»> I was nalve to think I'd ha
(Oz sighs)
»> I was nalve to think I'd have
>» I was nalve to think I'd have
a
a fr
>» I was nalve to think I'd have
a fres
a fresh
>» I was nalve to think I'd have
a fresh st
a fresh star
>» I was nalve to think I'd have
a fresh start
a fresh start ou
>» I was nalve to think I'd have
a fresh start out
a fresh start out he
>» I was nalve to think I'd have
a fresh start out here
a fresh start out here,
yo
you
a fresh start out here,
you kn
you know
a fresh start out here,
you know.
No
Now
you know.
Now th
Now the
you know.
Now the on
Now the only
you know.
Now the only t
Now the only two
you know.
Now the only two p
Now the only two peo
you know.
Now the only two peopl
Now the only two people
wh
who
Now the only two people
who ev
who ever
Now the only two people
who ever g
who ever gav
Now the only two people
who ever gave
who ever gave a
Now the only two people
who ever gave a sh
who ever gave a shit
Now the only two people
who ever gave a shit a
who ever gave a shit abo
Now the only two people
who ever gave a shit about
who ever gave a shit about m
Now the only two people
who ever gave a shit about me
ar
are
who ever gave a shit about me
are ei
are eith
who ever gave a shit about me
are either
are either d
who ever gave a shit about me
are either dea
are either dead
who ever gave a shit about me
are either dead or
are either dead or m
who ever gave a shit about me
are either dead or mis
are either dead or missi
who ever gave a shit about me
are either dead or missing
are either dead or missing.
(Dramatic instrumental music)
>»
>» I
>» I j
>» I jus
>» I just
>» I just wi
>» I just wish
>» I just wish I
>» I just wish I w
>» I just wish I was
>» I just wish I was b
>» I just wish I was bac
>» I just wish I was back
on
on t
>» I just wish I was back
on the
on the t
>» I just wish I was back
on the tra
on the train
>» I just wish I was back
on the train.
»>
»> Y
on the train.
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
So
So w
>» Yeah.
So whe
So when'
>» Yeah.
So when's
So when's th
>» Yeah.
So when's that
So when's that h
>» Yeah.
So when's that hap
So when's that happe
>» Yeah.
So when's that happeni
So when's that happening
>» Yeah.
So when's that happening?
»>
»> I
So when's that happening?
»> I d
»> I don
So when's that happening?
»> I don't
»> I don't k
So when's that happening?
»> I don't kno
»> I don't know.
>» I don't know.
Yo
You
>» I don't know.
You kn
You know
>» I don't know.
You know,
You know, I
>» I don't know.
You know, I th
You know, I thou
>» I don't know.
You know, I though
You know, I thought
th
the
You know, I thought
the so
the sold
You know, I thought
the soldie
the soldiers
You know, I thought
the soldiers w
the soldiers wou
You know, I thought
the soldiers would
the soldiers would b
You know, I thought
the soldiers would be
ba
back
the soldiers would be
back f
back for
the soldiers would be
back for m
back for me
the soldiers would be
back for me by
back for me by n
the soldiers would be
back for me by now
back for me by now.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Whe
>» When
>» When th
>» When they
>» When they d
>» When they do,
ca
can
>» When they do,
can yo
can you
>» When they do,
can you ta
can you take
>» When they do,
can you take m
can you take me
>» When they do,
can you take me wi
can you take me with
>» When they do,
can you take me with y
can you take me with you
>» When they do,
can you take me with you?
Ju
Just
can you take me with you?
Just,
Just, uh
can you take me with you?
Just, uh..
Just, uh...
I
I do
Just, uh...
I don'
I don't
Just, uh...
I don't be
I don't belo
Just, uh...
I don't belong
I don't belong h
Just, uh...
I don't belong her
I don't belong here.
♪
>» I'm sorry, but I can't help.
>» But what if, uh...
♪
Wh
What
What i
What if
What if I
What if I ga
What if I gave
What if I gave y
What if I gave you
What if I gave you y
What if I gave you you
What if I gave you your
Ni
Nigh
What if I gave you your
Nightc
Nightcar
What if I gave you your
Nightcar s
Nightcar ser
What if I gave you your
Nightcar servi
Nightcar service
What if I gave you your
Nightcar service i
Nightcar service in
What if I gave you your
Nightcar service in ex
Nightcar service in exch
What if I gave you your
Nightcar service in exchan
Nightcar service in exchange
What if I gave you your
Nightcar service in exchange?
♪
(Buzzing)
(Beeping)
♪
(Sniffing)
(Clears throat)
(Door clanking)
(Loud feedback)
>»
>» W
>» Whe
>» Where
>» Where's
>» Where's L
>» Where's Lia
>» Where's Liana
>» Where's Liana?
Wh
Wher
>» Where's Liana?
Where
Where is
>» Where's Liana?
Where is s
Where is she
>» Where's Liana?
Where is she?
»>
»> S
Where is she?
»> She
»> She's
Where is she?
»> She's w
»> She's whe
Where is she?
»> She's where
»> She's where a
Where is she?
»> She's where all
»> She's where all t
Where is she?
»> She's where all the
»> She's where all the l
Where is she?
»> She's where all the lit
»> She's where all the littl
Where is she?
»> She's where all the little
>» She's where all the little
gi
girl
>» She's where all the little
girls
girls ar
>» She's where all the little
girls are
girls are at
>» She's where all the little
girls are at t
girls are at thi
>» She's where all the little
girls are at this
girls are at this ho
>» She's where all the little
girls are at this hour
girls are at this hour.
As
Asle
girls are at this hour.
Asleep
Asleep,
girls are at this hour.
Asleep, sa
Asleep, safe
girls are at this hour.
Asleep, safe a
Asleep, safe and
girls are at this hour.
Asleep, safe and s
Asleep, safe and sou
girls are at this hour.
Asleep, safe and sound
Asleep, safe and sound.
»>
»> H
Asleep, safe and sound.
»> Her
»> Her m
Asleep, safe and sound.
»> Her mot
»> Her mothe
Asleep, safe and sound.
»> Her mother
»> Her mother wa
Asleep, safe and sound.
»> Her mother was
»> Her mother was ki
Asleep, safe and sound.
»> Her mother was kill
»> Her mother was killed
>» Her mother was killed
in
in f
>» Her mother was killed
in fro
in front
>» Her mother was killed
in front o
in front of
>» Her mother was killed
in front of he
in front of her.
»>
»> W
in front of her.
»> Wil
»> Wilfo
in front of her.
»> Wilford
»> Wilford:
in front of her.
»> Wilford: I
»> Wilford: I ne
in front of her.
»> Wilford: I neve
»> Wilford: I never
in front of her.
»> Wilford: I never wi
»> Wilford: I never wish
in front of her.
»> Wilford: I never wished
>» Wilford: I never wished
fo
for
>» Wilford: I never wished
for Za
for Zara
>» Wilford: I never wished
for Zarah'
for Zarah's
>» Wilford: I never wished
for Zarah's de
for Zarah's deat
>» Wilford: I never wished
for Zarah's death.
I
I ca
for Zarah's death.
I care
I cared
for Zarah's death.
I cared fo
I cared for
for Zarah's death.
I cared for he
I cared for her
for Zarah's death.
I cared for her an
I cared for her and
for Zarah's death.
I cared for her and Li
I cared for her and Lian
for Zarah's death.
I cared for her and Liana.
I
I wo
I cared for her and Liana.
I woul
I wouldn
I cared for her and Liana.
I wouldn't
I wouldn't s
I cared for her and Liana.
I wouldn't sep
I wouldn't separ
I cared for her and Liana.
I wouldn't separat
I wouldn't separate
I cared for her and Liana.
I wouldn't separate a
I wouldn't separate a ch
I cared for her and Liana.
I wouldn't separate a chil
I wouldn't separate a child
fr
from
I wouldn't separate a child
from h
from her
I wouldn't separate a child
from her m
from her mot
I wouldn't separate a child
from her mothe
from her mother.
I
I on
from her mother.
I only
I only w
from her mother.
I only wan
I only wante
from her mother.
I only wanted
I only wanted to
from her mother.
I only wanted to s
I only wanted to spa
from her mother.
I only wanted to spare
yo
your
I only wanted to spare
your p
your peo
I only wanted to spare
your peopl
your people
I only wanted to spare
your people th
your people the
I only wanted to spare
your people the mi
your people the mise
I only wanted to spare
your people the misery
your people the misery o
I only wanted to spare
your people the misery of
a
a fu
your people the misery of
a full
a full-s
your people the misery of
a full-sca
a full-scale
your people the misery of
a full-scale i
a full-scale inv
your people the misery of
a full-scale invas
a full-scale invasio
your people the misery of
a full-scale invasion
by
by t
a full-scale invasion
by the
by the A
a full-scale invasion
by the Adm
by the Admir
a full-scale invasion
by the Admiral
by the Admiral's
a full-scale invasion
by the Admiral's f
by the Admiral's for
a full-scale invasion
by the Admiral's force
by the Admiral's forces.
Yo
You
by the Admiral's forces.
You sh
You shou
by the Admiral's forces.
You should
You should b
by the Admiral's forces.
You should be
You should be th
by the Admiral's forces.
You should be than
You should be thanki
by the Admiral's forces.
You should be thanking
You should be thanking m
by the Admiral's forces.
You should be thanking me!
♪
Th
The
The on
The one
The one wh
The one who
The one who ki
The one who kill
The one who killed
The one who killed Z
The one who killed Zar
The one who killed Zarah
is
is t
The one who killed Zarah
is the
is the b
The one who killed Zarah
is the big
is the big o
The one who killed Zarah
is the big one
is the big one,
wi
with
is the big one,
with t
with the
is the big one,
with the r
with the rat
is the big one,
with the rat o
with the rat on
is the big one,
with the rat on hi
with the rat on his
is the big one,
with the rat on his he
with the rat on his helm
is the big one,
with the rat on his helmet
with the rat on his helmet.
Th
The
with the rat on his helmet.
The Ad
The Admi
with the rat on his helmet.
The Admira
The Admiral
with the rat on his helmet.
The Admiral ne
The Admiral neve
with the rat on his helmet.
The Admiral never
sh
shou
The Admiral never
should
should h
The Admiral never
should hav
should have
The Admiral never
should have se
should have sent
The Admiral never
should have sent h
should have sent him
The Admiral never
should have sent him,
bu
but
should have sent him,
but th
but that
should have sent him,
but that's
but that's w
should have sent him,
but that's wha
but that's what
should have sent him,
but that's what ha
but that's what happ
should have sent him,
but that's what happen
but that's what happens
should have sent him,
but that's what happens wh
but that's what happens when
yo
you'
but that's what happens when
you're
you're d
but that's what happens when
you're dea
you're deali
but that's what happens when
you're dealing
you're dealing w
but that's what happens when
you're dealing wit
you're dealing with
but that's what happens when
you're dealing with ba
you're dealing with barb
but that's what happens when
you're dealing with barbar
you're dealing with barbaria
but that's what happens when
you're dealing with barbarians
you're dealing with barbarians.
♪
Layton?
Layton!
(Thudding)
(Laughing)
Yo
You
You sc
You scar
You scared
You scared t
You scared the
You scared the s
You scared the shi
You scared the shit
You scared the shit ou
You scared the shit out
You scared the shit out of
You scared the shit out of m
You scared the shit out of me!
»>
»> Y
You scared the shit out of me!
»> You
»> You'r
You scared the shit out of me!
»> You're
»> You're ne
You scared the shit out of me!
»> You're neve
»> You're never
You scared the shit out of me!
»> You're never ge
»> You're never gett
You scared the shit out of me!
»> You're never gettin
»> You're never getting
>» You're never getting
ou
out
>» You're never getting
out of
out of h
>» You're never getting
out of her
out of here
>» You're never getting
out of here al
out of here aliv
>» You're never getting
out of here alive.
(T
(Thu
out of here alive.
(Thud)
I
I pr
(Thud)
I prom
I promis
(Thud)
I promise.
»>
»> W
I promise.
»> We
»> We sh
I promise.
»> We shal
»> We shall
I promise.
»> We shall se
»> We shall see,
>» We shall see,
my
my d
>» We shall see,
my dea
my dear
>» We shall see,
my dear Ki
my dear King
>» We shall see,
my dear King L
my dear King Lay
>» We shall see,
my dear King Layto
my dear King Layton.
We
We s
my dear King Layton.
We sha
We shall
my dear King Layton.
We shall s
We shall see
my dear King Layton.
We shall see.
(G
(Gru
We shall see.
(Grunt
(Gruntin
We shall see.
(Grunting,
(Grunting, t
We shall see.
(Grunting, thu
(Grunting, thudd
We shall see.
(Grunting, thuddin
(Grunting, thudding)
(Footsteps)
>» Uh, the repairs are finished.
>»
>» O
>» Oh,
>» Oh, v
>» Oh, ver
>» Oh, very
>» Oh, very im
>» Oh, very impr
>» Oh, very impres
>» Oh, very impressi
>» Oh, very impressive
>» Oh, very impressive.
Yo
You'
>» Oh, very impressive.
You're
You're j
>» Oh, very impressive.
You're jus
You're just
>» Oh, very impressive.
You're just li
You're just like
>» Oh, very impressive.
You're just like y
You're just like you
>» Oh, very impressive.
You're just like your
You're just like your mo
>» Oh, very impressive.
You're just like your moth
You're just like your mother
>» Oh, very impressive.
You're just like your mother.
»>
»> U
You're just like your mother.
»> Um.
»> Um...
>» Um...
I
I no
>» Um...
I noti
I notice
>» Um...
I noticed
I noticed th
>» Um...
I noticed that
I noticed that t
>» Um...
I noticed that the
I noticed that the b
>» Um...
I noticed that the bay
do
door
I noticed that the bay
door h
door hin
I noticed that the bay
door hinge
door hinges
I noticed that the bay
door hinges ar
door hinges are
I noticed that the bay
door hinges are da
door hinges are dama
I noticed that the bay
door hinges are damage
door hinges are damaged.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You h
>» You hav
>» You have
>» You have an
>» You have an a
>» You have an ast
>» You have an astut
>» You have an astute
>» You have an astute ey
>» You have an astute eye.
»>
»> T
>» You have an astute eye.
»> Thi
»> This
>» You have an astute eye.
»> This ca
»> This car
>» You have an astute eye.
»> This car wa
»> This car was
>» You have an astute eye.
»> This car was br
»> This car was brea
>» You have an astute eye.
»> This car was breach
»> This car was breached
>» This car was breached
re
rece
>» This car was breached
recent
recently
>» This car was breached
recently,
recently, wa
>» This car was breached
recently, wasn
recently, wasn't
>» This car was breached
recently, wasn't i
recently, wasn't it?
»>
»> T
recently, wasn't it?
»> The
»> The t
recently, wasn't it?
»> The tra
»> The train
recently, wasn't it?
»> The trains
»> The trains we
recently, wasn't it?
»> The trains were
>» The trains were
ma
manu
>» The trains were
manual
manually
>» The trains were
manually u
manually unc
>» The trains were
manually uncou
manually uncoupl
>» The trains were
manually uncoupled
manually uncoupled.
On
Only
manually uncoupled.
Only a
Only an
manually uncoupled.
Only an en
Only an engi
manually uncoupled.
Only an engine
Only an engineer
manually uncoupled.
Only an engineer c
Only an engineer cou
manually uncoupled.
Only an engineer could
Only an engineer could d
manually uncoupled.
Only an engineer could do
Only an engineer could do th
manually uncoupled.
Only an engineer could do that
Only an engineer could do that.
Th
Ther
Only an engineer could do that.
There
There ar
Only an engineer could do that.
There are
There are no
Only an engineer could do that.
There are no b
There are no bre
Only an engineer could do that.
There are no breac
There are no breach
Only an engineer could do that.
There are no breach su
There are no breach suit
Only an engineer could do that.
There are no breach suits
There are no breach suits on
Bi
Big
There are no breach suits on
Big Al
Big Alic
There are no breach suits on
Big Alice,
Big Alice, s
There are no breach suits on
Big Alice, so
Big Alice, so wh
There are no breach suits on
Big Alice, so wher
Big Alice, so where
There are no breach suits on
Big Alice, so where is
Big Alice, so where is B
There are no breach suits on
Big Alice, so where is Ben
Big Alice, so where is Ben?
(Sombre music)
♪
>»
>» U
>» Um,
>» Um, h
>» Um, he
>» Um, he un
>» Um, he unco
>» Um, he uncoup
>» Um, he uncouple
>» Um, he uncoupled
>» Um, he uncoupled th
>» Um, he uncoupled the
tr
trai
>» Um, he uncoupled the
trains
trains s
>» Um, he uncoupled the
trains so
trains so yo
>» Um, he uncoupled the
trains so your
trains so your f
>» Um, he uncoupled the
trains so your fri
trains so your frien
>» Um, he uncoupled the
trains so your friends
co
coul
trains so your friends
could
could ge
trains so your friends
could get
could get aw
trains so your friends
could get away
could get away,
trains so your friends
could get away, an
could get away, and.
trains so your friends
could get away, and...
an
and.
could get away, and...
and...
(S
(She
and...
(She s
(She sni
and...
(She sniff
(She sniffle
and...
(She sniffles)
..
...t
(She sniffles)
...the
...then
(She sniffles)
...then he
...then he d
(She sniffles)
...then he die
...then he died.
♪
I'
I'm
I'm so
I'm sorr
I'm sorry.
Th
This
I'm sorry.
This p
This pla
I'm sorry.
This place
This place,
I'm sorry.
This place, it
This place, it's
I'm sorry.
This place, it's..
This place, it's...
(S
(She
This place, it's...
(She s
(She sni
This place, it's...
(She sniff
(She sniffle
This place, it's...
(She sniffles)
..
...i
(She sniffles)
...it'
...it's
(She sniffles)
...it's an
...it's an u
(She sniffles)
...it's an ugl
...it's an ugly
(She sniffles)
...it's an ugly pl
...it's an ugly plac
(She sniffles)
...it's an ugly place.
»>
»> Y
...it's an ugly place.
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
»>
»> B
>» Yeah.
»> But
»> But t
>» Yeah.
»> But the
»> But there
>» Yeah.
»> But there i
»> But there is
>» Yeah.
»> But there is a
»> But there is a pu
>» Yeah.
»> But there is a purp
»> But there is a purpos
>» Yeah.
»> But there is a purpose
>» But there is a purpose
to
to e
>» But there is a purpose
to eve
to every
>» But there is a purpose
to every l
to every los
>» But there is a purpose
to every loss.
Co
Come
to every loss.
Come,
Come, I'
to every loss.
Come, I'll
Come, I'll s
to every loss.
Come, I'll sho
Come, I'll show
to every loss.
Come, I'll show yo
Come, I'll show you.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» That'
>» That's
>» That's gl
>» That's glas
>» That's glass-
>» That's glass-cl
>» That's glass-clad
>» That's glass-clad,
>» That's glass-clad, B5
>» That's glass-clad, B5 l
>» That's glass-clad, B5 lev
>» That's glass-clad, B5 level
wi
with
>» That's glass-clad, B5 level
with t
with two
>» That's glass-clad, B5 level
with two-i
with two-inc
>» That's glass-clad, B5 level
with two-inch
with two-inch th
>» That's glass-clad, B5 level
with two-inch thic
with two-inch thickn
>» That's glass-clad, B5 level
with two-inch thicknes
with two-inch thickness.
Yo
You
with two-inch thickness.
You ca
You can'
with two-inch thickness.
You can't
You can't br
with two-inch thickness.
You can't brea
You can't break
with two-inch thickness.
You can't break it
You can't break it!
»>
»> K
You can't break it!
»> Kee
»> Keep
You can't break it!
»> Keep te
»> Keep tell
You can't break it!
»> Keep tellin
»> Keep telling
You can't break it!
»> Keep telling yo
»> Keep telling your
You can't break it!
»> Keep telling yourse
»> Keep telling yourself
You can't break it!
»> Keep telling yourself t
»> Keep telling yourself tha
You can't break it!
»> Keep telling yourself that!
>» Keep telling yourself that!
(W
(Wil
>» Keep telling yourself that!
(Wilfo
(Wilford
>» Keep telling yourself that!
(Wilford l
(Wilford lau
>» Keep telling yourself that!
(Wilford laugh
(Wilford laughs)
(T
(Thu
(Wilford laughs)
(Thud)
»>
»> Y
(Thud)
»> You
»> You m
(Thud)
»> You mig
»> You might
(Thud)
»> You might w
»> You might wan
(Thud)
»> You might want
»> You might want to
>» You might want to
re
re-t
>» You might want to
re-thi
re-think
>» You might want to
re-think t
re-think tha
>» You might want to
re-think that
re-think that st
>» You might want to
re-think that stra
re-think that strate
>» You might want to
re-think that strategy
re-think that strategy.
I'
I'm
re-think that strategy.
I'm th
I'm the
re-think that strategy.
I'm the on
I'm the only
re-think that strategy.
I'm the only o
I'm the only one
re-think that strategy.
I'm the only one w
I'm the only one who
kn
know
I'm the only one who
knows
knows wh
I'm the only one who
knows wher
knows where
I'm the only one who
knows where Li
knows where Lian
I'm the only one who
knows where Liana
knows where Liana is
I'm the only one who
knows where Liana is.
Wh
Who
knows where Liana is.
Who el
Who else
knows where Liana is.
Who else i
Who else is
knows where Liana is.
Who else is go
Who else is goin
knows where Liana is.
Who else is going
Who else is going to
ta
take
Who else is going to
take y
take you
Who else is going to
take you t
take you to
Who else is going to
take you to he
take you to her?
Th
The
take you to her?
The Ad
The Admi
take you to her?
The Admira
The Admiral?
take you to her?
The Admiral? (
The Admiral? (La
take you to her?
The Admiral? (Laug
The Admiral? (Laughs
take you to her?
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»>
»> K
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»> Kee
»> Keep
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»> Keep ta
»> Keep talk
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»> Keep talkin
»> Keep talking
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»> Keep talking th
»> Keep talking that
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»> Keep talking that b
»> Keep talking that bul
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»> Keep talking that bulls
»> Keep talking that bullshi
The Admiral? (Laughs)
»> Keep talking that bullshit.
>» Keep talking that bullshit.
Th
Ther
>» Keep talking that bullshit.
There
There is
>» Keep talking that bullshit.
There is n
There is no
>» Keep talking that bullshit.
There is no wa
There is no way
>» Keep talking that bullshit.
There is no way ou
There is no way out
>» Keep talking that bullshit.
There is no way out of
There is no way out of h
>» Keep talking that bullshit.
There is no way out of her
There is no way out of here!
Ho
How
There is no way out of here!
How ar
How are
There is no way out of here!
How are yo
How are you
There is no way out of here!
How are you go
How are you goin
There is no way out of here!
How are you going
How are you going to
ta
take
How are you going to
take m
take me
How are you going to
take me to
take me to h
How are you going to
take me to her
take me to her?!
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(Beeping)
♪
>» Everybody out.
(Beeping continues)
Wolf, you stay.
(Door shuts)
♪
(Beeping stops)
>»
>» T
>» Thi
>» This
>» This is
>» This is M
>» This is Mil
>» This is Miliu
>» This is Milius.
»>
»> O
>» This is Milius.
»> Oh
»> Oh go
>» This is Milius.
»> Oh good
»> Oh good,
>» This is Milius.
»> Oh good, yo
»> Oh good, you'
>» This is Milius.
»> Oh good, you're
»> Oh good, you're s
>» This is Milius.
»> Oh good, you're sti
»> Oh good, you're still
>» This is Milius.
»> Oh good, you're still u
»> Oh good, you're still up.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You r
>» You rep
>» You repai
>» You repaire
>» You repaired
>» You repaired th
>» You repaired the
>» You repaired the fl
>» You repaired the floo
>» You repaired the floor'
>» You repaired the floor's
co
comm
>» You repaired the floor's
commun
communic
>» You repaired the floor's
communicat
communicatio
>» You repaired the floor's
communication
communication sy
>» You repaired the floor's
communication syst
communication system
>» You repaired the floor's
communication system.
Ni
Nice
communication system.
Nicely
Nicely d
communication system.
Nicely don
Nicely done.
It
It's
Nicely done.
It's b
It's bee
Nicely done.
It's been
It's been do
Nicely done.
It's been down
It's been down f
Nicely done.
It's been down for
It's been down for y
Nicely done.
It's been down for yea
It's been down for years
Nicely done.
It's been down for years.
»>
»> (
It's been down for years.
»> (Ch
»> (Chuc
It's been down for years.
»> (Chuckl
»> (Chuckles
It's been down for years.
»> (Chuckles)
>» (Chuckles)
An
And
>» (Chuckles)
And he
And here
>» (Chuckles)
And here I
And here I w
>» (Chuckles)
And here I was
And here I was,
wo
worr
And here I was,
worrie
worried
And here I was,
worried th
worried that
And here I was,
worried that s
worried that som
And here I was,
worried that someh
worried that somehow
And here I was,
worried that somehow y
worried that somehow you
And here I was,
worried that somehow you'd
fo
forg
worried that somehow you'd
forgot
forgotte
worried that somehow you'd
forgotten
forgotten ho
worried that somehow you'd
forgotten how
forgotten how us
worried that somehow you'd
forgotten how usef
forgotten how useful
worried that somehow you'd
forgotten how useful I
forgotten how useful I c
worried that somehow you'd
forgotten how useful I cou
forgotten how useful I could
worried that somehow you'd
forgotten how useful I could b
forgotten how useful I could be.
Wh
When
forgotten how useful I could be.
When y
When you
forgotten how useful I could be.
When you l
When you lea
forgotten how useful I could be.
When you leave
When you leave w
forgotten how useful I could be.
When you leave wit
When you leave with
forgotten how useful I could be.
When you leave with Sn
When you leave with Snow
forgotten how useful I could be.
When you leave with Snowpi
When you leave with Snowpier
forgotten how useful I could be.
When you leave with Snowpierce
When you leave with Snowpiercer,
I
I th
When you leave with Snowpiercer,
I thou
I though
When you leave with Snowpiercer,
I thought
I thought yo
When you leave with Snowpiercer,
I thought you'
I thought you'd
When you leave with Snowpiercer,
I thought you'd li
I thought you'd like
When you leave with Snowpiercer,
I thought you'd like t
I thought you'd like to
ta
take
I thought you'd like to
take h
take her
I thought you'd like to
take her c
take her cre
I thought you'd like to
take her creat
take her creator
I thought you'd like to
take her creator a
take her creator alo
I thought you'd like to
take her creator along
take her creator along.
»>
»> T
take her creator along.
»> Tha
»> Thank
take her creator along.
»> Thanks.
»> Thanks. I
take her creator along.
»> Thanks. I'l
»> Thanks. I'll
take her creator along.
»> Thanks. I'll pa
»> Thanks. I'll pass
take her creator along.
»> Thanks. I'll pass.
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I
I li
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I like
I like w
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I like whe
I like when
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I like when th
I like when thin
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I like when things
I like when things r
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I like when things run
I like when things run s
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I like when things run smo
I like when things run smoot
>» Thanks. I'll pass.
I like when things run smoothl
I like when things run smoothly.
»>
»> B
I like when things run smoothly.
»> But
»> But e
I like when things run smoothly.
»> But eve
»> But even
I like when things run smoothly.
»> But even wi
»> But even with
>» But even with
my
my g
>» But even with
my gre
my great
>» But even with
my greates
my greatest
>» But even with
my greatest en
my greatest enem
>» But even with
my greatest enemie
my greatest enemies,
I
I am
my greatest enemies,
I am t
I am the
my greatest enemies,
I am the c
I am the con
my greatest enemies,
I am the conti
I am the conting
my greatest enemies,
I am the contingen
I am the contingency
my greatest enemies,
I am the contingency p
I am the contingency pla
my greatest enemies,
I am the contingency plan.
Th
The
I am the contingency plan.
The la
The last
I am the contingency plan.
The last r
The last res
I am the contingency plan.
The last resor
The last resort
I am the contingency plan.
The last resort th
The last resort they
I am the contingency plan.
The last resort they t
The last resort they tur
I am the contingency plan.
The last resort they turn
The last resort they turn to
wh
when
The last resort they turn to
when t
when the
The last resort they turn to
when they
when they ha
The last resort they turn to
when they have
when they have n
The last resort they turn to
when they have no
when they have no ot
The last resort they turn to
when they have no othe
when they have no other
The last resort they turn to
when they have no other ch
when they have no other choi
The last resort they turn to
when they have no other choice
when they have no other choice.
Be
Best
when they have no other choice.
Best t
Best tak
when they have no other choice.
Best take
Best take me
when they have no other choice.
Best take me a
Best take me alo
when they have no other choice.
Best take me along
Best take me along,
fi
fix
Best take me along,
fix yo
fix your
Best take me along,
fix your m
fix your mis
Best take me along,
fix your mista
fix your mistake
Best take me along,
fix your mistakes.
»>
»> I
fix your mistakes.
»> It'
»> It's
fix your mistakes.
»> It's yo
»> It's you,
fix your mistakes.
»> It's you, W
»> It's you, Wil
fix your mistakes.
»> It's you, Wilfo
»> It's you, Wilford
fix your mistakes.
»> It's you, Wilford.
>» It's you, Wilford.
Yo
You'
>» It's you, Wilford.
You're
You're m
>» It's you, Wilford.
You're my
You're my mi
>» It's you, Wilford.
You're my mist
You're my mistak
>» It's you, Wilford.
You're my mistake.
»>
»> O
You're my mistake.
»> Oh,
»> Oh, y
You're my mistake.
»> Oh, you
»> Oh, your
You're my mistake.
»> Oh, your so
»> Oh, your sold
You're my mistake.
»> Oh, your soldie
»> Oh, your soldiers
>» Oh, your soldiers
mi
migh
>» Oh, your soldiers
might
might di
>» Oh, your soldiers
might disa
might disagr
>» Oh, your soldiers
might disagree
might disagree.
I'
I'd
might disagree.
I'd ta
I'd take
might disagree.
I'd take a
I'd take a p
might disagree.
I'd take a pol
I'd take a poll
might disagree.
I'd take a poll if
I'd take a poll if I
might disagree.
I'd take a poll if I w
I'd take a poll if I wer
might disagree.
I'd take a poll if I were
I'd take a poll if I were yo
might disagree.
I'd take a poll if I were you.
Se
See
I'd take a poll if I were you.
See wh
See whos
I'd take a poll if I were you.
See whose
See whose lo
I'd take a poll if I were you.
See whose loya
See whose loyalt
I'd take a poll if I were you.
See whose loyaltie
See whose loyalties
ha
have
See whose loyalties
have s
have shi
See whose loyalties
have shift
have shifted
See whose loyalties
have shifted.
Th
Than
have shifted.
Thank
Thank Wo
have shifted.
Thank Wolf
Thank Wolf f
have shifted.
Thank Wolf for
Thank Wolf for s
have shifted.
Thank Wolf for spa
Thank Wolf for spari
have shifted.
Thank Wolf for sparing
my
my l
Thank Wolf for sparing
my lif
my life,
Thank Wolf for sparing
my life, b
my life, by
Thank Wolf for sparing
my life, by th
my life, by the
Thank Wolf for sparing
my life, by the wa
my life, by the way.
Sm
Smar
my life, by the way.
Smart
Smart ma
my life, by the way.
Smart man.
»>
»> Y
Smart man.
»> You
»> You g
Smart man.
»> You got
»> You got i
Smart man.
»> You got it
»> You got it wr
Smart man.
»> You got it wron
»> You got it wrong.
>» You got it wrong.
My
My p
>» You got it wrong.
My pla
My plan
>» You got it wrong.
My plan wa
My plan was
>» You got it wrong.
My plan was to
My plan was to l
>» You got it wrong.
My plan was to lea
My plan was to leave
>» You got it wrong.
My plan was to leave y
My plan was to leave you
do
down
My plan was to leave you
down t
down the
My plan was to leave you
down there
down there s
My plan was to leave you
down there so
down there so La
My plan was to leave you
down there so Layt
down there so Layton
co
coul
down there so Layton
could
could ha
down there so Layton
could have
could have a
down there so Layton
could have a s
could have a sho
down there so Layton
could have a shot
could have a shot at
down there so Layton
could have a shot at y
could have a shot at you
down there so Layton
could have a shot at you.
»>
»> O
could have a shot at you.
»> Oh,
»> Oh, i
could have a shot at you.
»> Oh, if
»> Oh, if th
could have a shot at you.
»> Oh, if that
»> Oh, if that's
could have a shot at you.
»> Oh, if that's t
»> Oh, if that's the
could have a shot at you.
»> Oh, if that's the c
»> Oh, if that's the cas
could have a shot at you.
»> Oh, if that's the case,
>» Oh, if that's the case,
yo
you
>» Oh, if that's the case,
you fa
you fail
>» Oh, if that's the case,
you failed
you failed o
>» Oh, if that's the case,
you failed on
you failed on bo
>» Oh, if that's the case,
you failed on both
you failed on both f
>» Oh, if that's the case,
you failed on both fro
you failed on both front
>» Oh, if that's the case,
you failed on both fronts.
La
Layt
you failed on both fronts.
Layton
Layton a
you failed on both fronts.
Layton and
Layton and I
you failed on both fronts.
Layton and I a
Layton and I are
you failed on both fronts.
Layton and I are h
Layton and I are hav
you failed on both fronts.
Layton and I are havin
Layton and I are having
you failed on both fronts.
Layton and I are having a
Layton and I are having a ba
you failed on both fronts.
Layton and I are having a ball
Layton and I are having a ball.
In
In f
Layton and I are having a ball.
In fac
In fact,
Layton and I are having a ball.
In fact, w
In fact, why
Layton and I are having a ball.
In fact, why d
In fact, why don
Layton and I are having a ball.
In fact, why don't
In fact, why don't y
Layton and I are having a ball.
In fact, why don't you
In fact, why don't you c
Layton and I are having a ball.
In fact, why don't you com
In fact, why don't you come
an
and
In fact, why don't you come
and jo
and join
In fact, why don't you come
and join u
and join us?
In fact, why don't you come
and join us? W
and join us? We'
In fact, why don't you come
and join us? We're
and join us? We're t
In fact, why don't you come
and join us? We're thi
and join us? We're think
In fact, why don't you come
and join us? We're thinkin
and join us? We're thinking
of
of p
and join us? We're thinking
of put
of putti
and join us? We're thinking
of putting
of putting o
and join us? We're thinking
of putting on
of putting on a
and join us? We're thinking
of putting on a ra
of putting on a rave
and join us? We're thinking
of putting on a rave!
(Laughs)
(Clattering)
♪
>» Remove your helmet.
(Wheezing)
Lo
Look
Look a
Look at
Look at me
Look at me.
I
I wa
Look at me.
I want
I want t
Look at me.
I want the
I want the e
Look at me.
I want the ent
I want the entir
Look at me.
I want the entire
fl
floo
I want the entire
floor
floor cl
I want the entire
floor clea
floor cleane
I want the entire
floor cleaned
floor cleaned ou
I want the entire
floor cleaned out.
»>
»> T
floor cleaned out.
»> Tha
»> That
floor cleaned out.
»> That wo
»> That work
floor cleaned out.
»> That worked
»> That worked s
floor cleaned out.
»> That worked spl
»> That worked splen
floor cleaned out.
»> That worked splendi
»> That worked splendidl
floor cleaned out.
»> That worked splendidly.
>» That worked splendidly.
Pr
Pred
>» That worked splendidly.
Predic
Predicta
>» That worked splendidly.
Predictabl
Predictable
>» That worked splendidly.
Predictable ol
Predictable old
>» That worked splendidly.
Predictable old go
Predictable old goat
>» That worked splendidly.
Predictable old goat.
Th
They
Predictable old goat.
They'l
They'll
Predictable old goat.
They'll be
They'll be c
Predictable old goat.
They'll be com
They'll be comin
Predictable old goat.
They'll be coming
They'll be coming do
Predictable old goat.
They'll be coming down
to
to k
They'll be coming down
to kil
to kill
They'll be coming down
to kill us
to kill us n
They'll be coming down
to kill us now
to kill us now.
»>
»> T
to kill us now.
»> Tha
»> That'
to kill us now.
»> That's
»> That's on
to kill us now.
»> That's one
»> That's one wa
to kill us now.
»> That's one way
»> That's one way ou
to kill us now.
»> That's one way out
»> That's one way out of
to kill us now.
»> That's one way out of h
»> That's one way out of her
to kill us now.
»> That's one way out of here.
>» That's one way out of here.
»>
»> T
>» That's one way out of here.
»> The
»> The o
>» That's one way out of here.
»> The onl
»> The only
>» That's one way out of here.
»> The only wa
»> The only way
>» That's one way out of here.
»> The only way ou
»> The only way out
>» That's one way out of here.
»> The only way out of
»> The only way out of h
>» That's one way out of here.
»> The only way out of her
»> The only way out of here
>» The only way out of here
is
is o
>» The only way out of here
is on
is on th
>» The only way out of here
is on that
is on that e
>» The only way out of here
is on that ele
is on that eleva
>» The only way out of here
is on that elevato
is on that elevator.
An
And
is on that elevator.
And we
And we b
is on that elevator.
And we bot
And we both
is on that elevator.
And we both kn
And we both know
is on that elevator.
And we both know i
And we both know it
is on that elevator.
And we both know it on
And we both know it only
co
come
And we both know it only
comes
comes do
And we both know it only
comes down
comes down w
And we both know it only
comes down whe
comes down when
And we both know it only
comes down when th
comes down when they
And we both know it only
comes down when they d
comes down when they do.
»>
»> W
comes down when they do.
»> Wha
»> What
comes down when they do.
»> What ma
»> What make
comes down when they do.
»> What makes
»> What makes yo
comes down when they do.
»> What makes you
»> What makes you th
comes down when they do.
»> What makes you thin
»> What makes you think
comes down when they do.
»> What makes you think I
»> What makes you think I wo
comes down when they do.
»> What makes you think I won'
»> What makes you think I won't
>» What makes you think I won't
ju
just
>» What makes you think I won't
just s
just sta
>» What makes you think I won't
just stand
just stand b
>» What makes you think I won't
just stand bac
just stand back
>» What makes you think I won't
just stand back an
just stand back and
>» What makes you think I won't
just stand back and wa
just stand back and watc
>» What makes you think I won't
just stand back and watch
just stand back and watch th
>» What makes you think I won't
just stand back and watch them
ki
kill
just stand back and watch them
kill y
kill you
just stand back and watch them
kill you?
»>
»> T
kill you?
»> The
»> The s
kill you?
»> The sam
»> The same
kill you?
»> The same re
»> The same reas
kill you?
»> The same reason
»> The same reason y
kill you?
»> The same reason you
»> The same reason you b
kill you?
»> The same reason you bro
»> The same reason you broug
kill you?
»> The same reason you brought
>» The same reason you brought
th
the
>» The same reason you brought
the tr
the trai
>» The same reason you brought
the train
the train he
>» The same reason you brought
the train here
the train here.
Yo
Your
the train here.
Your d
Your dau
the train here.
Your daugh
Your daughte
the train here.
Your daughter.
(Dramatic instrumental music)
An
And
And wo
And work
And workin
And working
And working wi
And working with
And working with m
And working with me
And working with me is
And working with me is y
And working with me is you
And working with me is your
And working with me is your on
And working with me is your only
wa
way
And working with me is your only
way ba
way back
And working with me is your only
way back t
way back to
And working with me is your only
way back to he
way back to her.
So
So,
way back to her.
So, wh
So, what
way back to her.
So, what d
So, what do
way back to her.
So, what do yo
So, what do you
way back to her.
So, what do you th
So, what do you thin
way back to her.
So, what do you think?
♪
Truce?
>»
>» A
>» A..
>» A...
>» A... li
>» A... litt
>» A... little
>» A... little b
>» A... little bit
>» A... little bit t
>» A... little bit tig
>» A... little bit tight
>» A... little bit tighter
>» A... little bit tighter.
Ye
Yeah
Yeah.
Oh
Oh y
Yeah.
Oh yea
Oh yeah,
Yeah.
Oh yeah, g
Oh yeah, goo
Yeah.
Oh yeah, good.
Ju
Just
Oh yeah, good.
Just l
Just lik
Oh yeah, good.
Just like
Just like th
Oh yeah, good.
Just like that
Just like that,
Oh yeah, good.
Just like that, ye
Just like that, yeah
Oh yeah, good.
Just like that, yeah,
Just like that, yeah, ok
Oh yeah, good.
Just like that, yeah, okay
Just like that, yeah, okay.
(C
(Chu
Just like that, yeah, okay.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
Just like that, yeah, okay.
(Chuckle)
Al
Alri
(Chuckle)
Alrigh
Alright,
(Chuckle)
Alright, o
Alright, oil
(Chuckle)
Alright, oil f
Alright, oil fir
(Chuckle)
Alright, oil first
Alright, oil first,
(Chuckle)
Alright, oil first, bu
Alright, oil first, but
(Chuckle)
Alright, oil first, but ju
Alright, oil first, but just
on
on t
Alright, oil first, but just
on the
on the f
Alright, oil first, but just
on the fee
on the feet,
Alright, oil first, but just
on the feet, a
on the feet, alr
Alright, oil first, but just
on the feet, alrig
on the feet, alright
Alright, oil first, but just
on the feet, alright?
Oh
Oh.
(Tiptoe Through the Tulips
playing)
Oh
Oh y
Oh yea
Oh yeah.
No
No,
Oh yeah.
No, no
No, no,
Oh yeah.
No, no, he
No, no, hey-
Oh yeah.
No, no, hey--
No, no, hey-- wh
Oh yeah.
No, no, hey-- whoa
No, no, hey-- whoa,
Oh yeah.
No, no, hey-- whoa, wh
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa
Oh yeah.
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa,
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, wh
Oh yeah.
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa,
wh
what
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa,
what a
what are
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are y
what are you
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are you d
what are you doi
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are you doing
what are you doing,
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are you doing, wh
what are you doing, what
No, no, hey-- whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are you doing, what a
what are you doing, what are
yo
you
what are you doing, what are
you do
you doin
what are you doing, what are
you doing?
Yo
You
you doing?
You go
You gott
you doing?
You gotta
You gotta wo
you doing?
You gotta work
You gotta work u
you doing?
You gotta work up
You gotta work up to
you doing?
You gotta work up to i
You gotta work up to it,
yo
you
You gotta work up to it,
you go
you got
You gotta work up to it,
you got to
you got to s
You gotta work up to it,
you got to sta
you got to start
You gotta work up to it,
you got to start s
you got to start sof
You gotta work up to it,
you got to start soft.
Al
Alri
you got to start soft.
Alrigh
Alright?
Yo
You
Alright?
You ca
You can'
Alright?
You can't
You can't ju
Alright?
You can't just
You can't just g
Alright?
You can't just go
You can't just go fo
Alright?
You can't just go for
You can't just go for it
li
like
You can't just go for it
like t
like tha
You can't just go for it
like that.
Bu
But,
like that.
But, y
But, you
like that.
But, you k
But, you kno
like that.
But, you know,
But, you know, i
like that.
But, you know, if
But, you know, if I
ke
keep
But, you know, if I
keep d
keep dir
But, you know, if I
keep direc
keep directi
But, you know, if I
keep directing
keep directing y
But, you know, if I
keep directing you
keep directing you l
But, you know, if I
keep directing you lik
keep directing you like
But, you know, if I
keep directing you like th
keep directing you like this
it
it's
keep directing you like this
it's n
it's nev
keep directing you like this
it's never
it's never g
keep directing you like this
it's never goi
it's never going
keep directing you like this
it's never going t
it's never going to
keep directing you like this
it's never going to wo
it's never going to work
keep directing you like this
it's never going to work.
It
It h
it's never going to work.
It has
It has t
it's never going to work.
It has to
It has to fe
it's never going to work.
It has to feel
It has to feel..
it's never going to work.
It has to feel...
(G
(Gru
It has to feel...
(Grunt
(Grunt)
..
...u
(Grunt)
...une
...unexp
(Grunt)
...unexpec
...unexpecte
(Grunt)
...unexpected.
Al
Alri
...unexpected.
Alrigh
Alright,
...unexpected.
Alright, I
Alright, I s
...unexpected.
Alright, I see
Alright, I see y
...unexpected.
Alright, I see you
Alright, I see you.
Ye
Yeah
Alright, I see you.
Yeah.
♪
Oh
Oh.
Oh,
Oh, he
Oh.
Oh, hell
Oh, hello.
»>
»> H
Oh, hello.
»> How
»> How's
Oh, hello.
»> How's t
»> How's tha
Oh, hello.
»> How's that?
>» How's that?
»>
»> O
>» How's that?
»> Oh
»> Oh ye
>» How's that?
»> Oh yeah
»> Oh yeah.
>» Oh yeah.
Ye
Yeah
>» Oh yeah.
Yeah,
Yeah, me
>» Oh yeah.
Yeah, me l
Yeah, me lik
>» Oh yeah.
Yeah, me likie
Yeah, me likie.
(L
(Lau
Yeah, me likie.
(Laugh
(Laughin
Yeah, me likie.
(Laughing)
(U
(Unc
(Laughing)
(Uncle
(Unclear
(Laughing)
(Unclear l
(Unclear lau
(Laughing)
(Unclear laugh
(Unclear laughin
(Laughing)
(Unclear laughing)
(L
(Lau
(Unclear laughing)
(Laugh
(Laughin
(Unclear laughing)
(Laughing)
(L
(Lou
(Laughing)
(Loud
(Loud la
(Laughing)
(Loud laug
(Loud laughi
(Laughing)
(Loud laughing
(Loud laughing)
No
No,
(Loud laughing)
No, no
No, no,
(Loud laughing)
No, no, no
No, no, no,
(Loud laughing)
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no,
(Loud laughing)
No, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no,
(Loud laughing)
No, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no,
(Loud laughing)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
(Loud laughing)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Bl
Blue
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Bluebe
Blueberr
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Blueberry,
Blueberry, b
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Blueberry, blu
Blueberry, blueb
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Blueberry, blueber
Blueberry, blueberry
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Blueberry, blueberry!
Oz
Oz,
Blueberry, blueberry!
Oz, Oz
Oz, Oz,
Blueberry, blueberry!
Oz, Oz, th
Oz, Oz, the
Blueberry, blueberry!
Oz, Oz, the sa
Oz, Oz, the safe
Blueberry, blueberry!
Oz, Oz, the safe w
Oz, Oz, the safe wor
Blueberry, blueberry!
Oz, Oz, the safe word
Oz, Oz, the safe word is
bl
blue
Oz, Oz, the safe word is
bluebe
blueberr
Oz, Oz, the safe word is
blueberry,
blueberry, s
Oz, Oz, the safe word is
blueberry, sto
blueberry, stop!
(L
(Lau
blueberry, stop!
(Laugh
(Laughin
blueberry, stop!
(Laughing)
»>
»> W
(Laughing)
»> Why
»> Why'd
(Laughing)
»> Why'd t
»> Why'd the
(Laughing)
»> Why'd they
»> Why'd they br
(Laughing)
»> Why'd they brin
»> Why'd they bring
(Laughing)
»> Why'd they bring yo
»> Why'd they bring you
(Laughing)
»> Why'd they bring you to
>» Why'd they bring you to
Ne
New
>» Why'd they bring you to
New Ed
New Eden
>» Why'd they bring you to
New Eden?
»>
»> (
New Eden?
»> (La
»> (Laug
New Eden?
»> (Laughi
»> (Laughing
New Eden?
»> (Laughing)
»> (Laughing) Wh
New Eden?
»> (Laughing) What
»> (Laughing) What?
>» (Laughing) What?
»>
»> W
>» (Laughing) What?
»> Why
»> Why'd
>» (Laughing) What?
»> Why'd t
»> Why'd the
>» (Laughing) What?
»> Why'd they
»> Why'd they br
>» (Laughing) What?
»> Why'd they brin
»> Why'd they bring
>» (Laughing) What?
»> Why'd they bring yo
»> Why'd they bring you
>» (Laughing) What?
»> Why'd they bring you to
>» Why'd they bring you to
Ne
New
>» Why'd they bring you to
New Ed
New Eden
>» Why'd they bring you to
New Eden?!
(W
(Whi
New Eden?!
(Whigg
(Whiggin
New Eden?!
(Whiggins
(Whiggins la
New Eden?!
(Whiggins laug
(Whiggins laughi
New Eden?!
(Whiggins laughing
(Whiggins laughing)
Di
Did
(Whiggins laughing)
Did th
Did they
(Whiggins laughing)
Did they f
Did they for
(Whiggins laughing)
Did they force
Did they force y
(Whiggins laughing)
Did they force you
Did they force you t
(Whiggins laughing)
Did they force you to
Did they force you to he
(Whiggins laughing)
Did they force you to help
Did they force you to help t
(Whiggins laughing)
Did they force you to help the
Did they force you to help them?
He
Hey!
Di
Did
Hey!
Did th
Did they
Hey!
Did they f
Did they for
Hey!
Did they force
Did they force y
Hey!
Did they force you
Did they force you t
Hey!
Did they force you to
Did they force you to he
Hey!
Did they force you to help
Did they force you to help t
Hey!
Did they force you to help the
Did they force you to help them?
(L
(Lau
Did they force you to help them?
(Laugh
(Laughin
Did they force you to help them?
(Laughing)
Oi
Oi,
(Laughing)
Oi, he
Oi, hey!
It
It d
Oi, hey!
It doe
It doesn
Oi, hey!
It doesn't
It doesn't a
Oi, hey!
It doesn't add
It doesn't add u
Oi, hey!
It doesn't add up,
It doesn't add up, d
Oi, hey!
It doesn't add up, doe
It doesn't add up, does
Oi, hey!
It doesn't add up, does it
It doesn't add up, does it?
An
And
It doesn't add up, does it?
And if
And if t
It doesn't add up, does it?
And if the
And if they
It doesn't add up, does it?
And if they ne
And if they need
It doesn't add up, does it?
And if they needed
And if they needed y
It doesn't add up, does it?
And if they needed you
And if they needed your
It doesn't add up, does it?
And if they needed your he
And if they needed your help
It doesn't add up, does it?
And if they needed your help,
it
it w
And if they needed your help,
it was
it wasn'
And if they needed your help,
it wasn't
it wasn't fo
And if they needed your help,
it wasn't for
it wasn't for wh
And if they needed your help,
it wasn't for what
it wasn't for what y
And if they needed your help,
it wasn't for what you
it wasn't for what you c
And if they needed your help,
it wasn't for what you cou
it wasn't for what you could
And if they needed your help,
it wasn't for what you could d
it wasn't for what you could do
bu
but
it wasn't for what you could do
but wh
but who
it wasn't for what you could do
but who yo
but who you
it wasn't for what you could do
but who you kn
but who you know
it wasn't for what you could do
but who you know!
(G
(Gro
but who you know!
(Groan
(Groan)
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(G
(Gri
(Grima
(Grimace
(Grimace)
Di
Did
(Grimace)
Did yo
Did you
(Grimace)
Did you po
Did you poin
(Grimace)
Did you point
Did you point ou
(Grimace)
Did you point out
Did you point out Za
(Grimace)
Did you point out Zara
Did you point out Zarah
(Grimace)
Did you point out Zarah to
Did you point out Zarah to t
(Grimace)
Did you point out Zarah to the
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»>
»> O
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»> Oz,
»> Oz, I
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»> Oz, I d
»> Oz, I did
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»> Oz, I didn'
»> Oz, I didn't
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»> Oz, I didn't kn
»> Oz, I didn't know
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»> Oz, I didn't know t
»> Oz, I didn't know the
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»> Oz, I didn't know their
»> Oz, I didn't know their p
Did you point out Zarah to them?
»> Oz, I didn't know their pla
»> Oz, I didn't know their plan,
>» Oz, I didn't know their plan,
I
I sw
>» Oz, I didn't know their plan,
I swea
I swear.
♪
>» Who else did you point out?
>»
>» D
>» Dr.
>» Dr. H
>» Dr. Hea
>» Dr. Headw
>» Dr. Headwoo
>» Dr. Headwood.
Bu
But
>» Dr. Headwood.
But yo
But you
>» Dr. Headwood.
But you ha
But you have
>» Dr. Headwood.
But you have t
But you have to
>» Dr. Headwood.
But you have to be
But you have to beli
>» Dr. Headwood.
But you have to believ
But you have to believe
>» Dr. Headwood.
But you have to believe me
But you have to believe me,
as
as s
But you have to believe me,
as soo
as soon
But you have to believe me,
as soon as
as soon as I
But you have to believe me,
as soon as I f
as soon as I fou
But you have to believe me,
as soon as I found
as soon as I found o
But you have to believe me,
as soon as I found out
as soon as I found out a
But you have to believe me,
as soon as I found out abo
as soon as I found out about
Za
Zara
as soon as I found out about
Zarah,
Zarah, I
as soon as I found out about
Zarah, I p
Zarah, I pan
as soon as I found out about
Zarah, I panic
Zarah, I panicke
as soon as I found out about
Zarah, I panicked
Zarah, I panicked an
as soon as I found out about
Zarah, I panicked and
Zarah, I panicked and I
as soon as I found out about
Zarah, I panicked and I ju
Zarah, I panicked and I jump
as soon as I found out about
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
fr
from
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
from t
from the
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
from the s
from the sno
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
from the snowc
from the snowcat
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
from the snowcat w
from the snowcat wit
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
from the snowcat with
from the snowcat with my
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
from the snowcat with my b
from the snowcat with my bag
Zarah, I panicked and I jumped
from the snowcat with my bag b
from the snowcat with my bag but
my
my h
from the snowcat with my bag but
my han
my hand,
from the snowcat with my bag but
my hand, i
my hand, it
from the snowcat with my bag but
my hand, it go
my hand, it got
from the snowcat with my bag but
my hand, it got st
my hand, it got stuc
from the snowcat with my bag but
my hand, it got stuck
my hand, it got stuck in
from the snowcat with my bag but
my hand, it got stuck in t
my hand, it got stuck in the
tr
trea
my hand, it got stuck in the
treads
treads a
my hand, it got stuck in the
treads and
treads and t
my hand, it got stuck in the
treads and the
treads and then
my hand, it got stuck in the
treads and then I.
treads and then I...
(S
(Sig
treads and then I...
(Sigh)
..
...a
(Sigh)
...and
...and t
(Sigh)
...and the
...and then
(Sigh)
...and then I
...and then I pa
(Sigh)
...and then I pass
...and then I passed
(Sigh)
...and then I passed o
...and then I passed out
(Sigh)
...and then I passed out.
»>
»> O
...and then I passed out.
»> Oz:
»> Oz: A
...and then I passed out.
»> Oz: And
»> Oz: And w
...and then I passed out.
»> Oz: And wha
»> Oz: And what,
...and then I passed out.
»> Oz: And what, t
»> Oz: And what, the
...and then I passed out.
»> Oz: And what, they
»> Oz: And what, they ju
...and then I passed out.
»> Oz: And what, they just
»> Oz: And what, they just l
...and then I passed out.
»> Oz: And what, they just lef
»> Oz: And what, they just left
>» Oz: And what, they just left
yo
you
>» Oz: And what, they just left
you th
you ther
>» Oz: And what, they just left
you there?
»>
»> Y
you there?
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
To
To d
>» Yeah.
To die
To die.
I
I sa
To die.
I saw
I saw th
To die.
I saw them
I saw them d
To die.
I saw them dig
I saw them diggi
To die.
I saw them digging
I saw them digging m
To die.
I saw them digging my
I saw them digging my gr
To die.
I saw them digging my grav
I saw them digging my grave.
Ri
Righ
I saw them digging my grave.
Right
Right on
I saw them digging my grave.
Right on t
Right on tha
I saw them digging my grave.
Right on that
Right on that le
I saw them digging my grave.
Right on that ledg
Right on that ledge
I saw them digging my grave.
Right on that ledge ac
Right on that ledge acro
I saw them digging my grave.
Right on that ledge across
Right on that ledge across f
I saw them digging my grave.
Right on that ledge across fro
Right on that ledge across from
my
my t
Right on that ledge across from
my ten
my tent
Right on that ledge across from
my tent wh
my tent wher
Right on that ledge across from
my tent where
my tent where yo
Right on that ledge across from
my tent where you
my tent where you fo
Right on that ledge across from
my tent where you foun
my tent where you found
Right on that ledge across from
my tent where you found me
my tent where you found me.
Th
They
my tent where you found me.
They w
They wer
my tent where you found me.
They were
They were di
my tent where you found me.
They were digg
They were diggin
my tent where you found me.
They were digging
They were digging a
my tent where you found me.
They were digging a wh
They were digging a whol
my tent where you found me.
They were digging a whole
They were digging a whole bu
my tent where you found me.
They were digging a whole bunc
They were digging a whole bunch
al
alon
They were digging a whole bunch
along
along th
They were digging a whole bunch
along that
along that c
They were digging a whole bunch
along that cli
along that cliff
They were digging a whole bunch
along that cliff.
»>
»> G
along that cliff.
»> Gra
»> Grave
along that cliff.
»> Graves?
>» Graves?
»>
»> Y
>» Graves?
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
Th
That
>» Yeah.
That's
That's w
>» Yeah.
That's wha
That's what
>» Yeah.
That's what ca
That's what caus
>» Yeah.
That's what caused
That's what caused t
>» Yeah.
That's what caused the
av
aval
That's what caused the
avalan
avalanch
That's what caused the
avalanche.
Di
Didn
avalanche.
Didn't
Didn't y
avalanche.
Didn't you
Didn't you h
avalanche.
Didn't you hea
Didn't you hear
avalanche.
Didn't you hear it
Didn't you hear it?
♪
Oh
Oh,
Oh, ah
Oh, ah!
Wh
What
Oh, ah!
What a
What are
Oh, ah!
What are y
What are you
Oh, ah!
What are you d
What are you doi
Oh, ah!
What are you doing
What are you doing?
»>
»> Y
What are you doing?
»> You
»> You'r
What are you doing?
»> You're
»> You're a
What are you doing?
»> You're a bl
»> You're a bloo
What are you doing?
»> You're a bloody
»> You're a bloody t
What are you doing?
»> You're a bloody twa
»> You're a bloody twat,
>» You're a bloody twat,
Wh
Whig
>» You're a bloody twat,
Whiggi
Whiggins
>» You're a bloody twat,
Whiggins!
»>
»> N
Whiggins!
»> No,
»> No, n
Whiggins!
»> No, no,
»> No, no, n
Whiggins!
»> No, no, no,
»> No, no, no, n
Whiggins!
»> No, no, no, no!
>» No, no, no, no!
Oz
Oz?!
Oz!
»>
»> H
Oz!
»> How
»> How m
Oz!
»> How man
»> How many
Oz!
»> How many of
»> How many of t
Oz!
»> How many of the
»> How many of these
Oz!
»> How many of these d
»> How many of these did
Oz!
»> How many of these did i
»> How many of these did it
Oz!
»> How many of these did it ta
»> How many of these did it take
>» How many of these did it take
to
to c
>» How many of these did it take
to cre
to creat
>» How many of these did it take
to create
to create Ne
>» How many of these did it take
to create New
to create New Ed
>» How many of these did it take
to create New Eden
to create New Eden?
»>
»> J
to create New Eden?
»> Jus
»> Just
to create New Eden?
»> Just th
»> Just the
to create New Eden?
»> Just the on
»> Just the one.
>» Just the one.
We
We s
>» Just the one.
We sen
We sent
>» Just the one.
We sent it
We sent it u
>» Just the one.
We sent it up
We sent it up tw
>» Just the one.
We sent it up two
We sent it up two ye
>» Just the one.
We sent it up two year
We sent it up two years
>» Just the one.
We sent it up two years ag
We sent it up two years ago.
»>
»> S
We sent it up two years ago.
»> So,
»> So, a
We sent it up two years ago.
»> So, all
»> So, all y
We sent it up two years ago.
»> So, all you
»> So, all you'r
We sent it up two years ago.
»> So, all you're
»> So, all you're wa
We sent it up two years ago.
»> So, all you're wait
»> So, all you're waitin
We sent it up two years ago.
»> So, all you're waiting
»> So, all you're waiting fo
We sent it up two years ago.
»> So, all you're waiting for
»> So, all you're waiting for is
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Bi
Big
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Big Al
Big Alic
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Big Alice,
Big Alice, t
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Big Alice, the
Big Alice, then
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Big Alice, then yo
Big Alice, then you'
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Big Alice, then you're
Big Alice, then you're g
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Big Alice, then you're goi
Big Alice, then you're going
>» So, all you're waiting for is
Big Alice, then you're going t
Big Alice, then you're going to
sh
shoo
Big Alice, then you're going to
shoot
shoot th
Big Alice, then you're going to
shoot this
shoot this g
Big Alice, then you're going to
shoot this guy
shoot this guy u
Big Alice, then you're going to
shoot this guy up
shoot this guy up an
Big Alice, then you're going to
shoot this guy up and
shoot this guy up and cr
Big Alice, then you're going to
shoot this guy up and crea
shoot this guy up and create
mo
more
shoot this guy up and create
more N
more New
shoot this guy up and create
more New E
more New Ede
shoot this guy up and create
more New Edens
more New Edens?
»>
»> M
more New Edens?
»> Mm-
»> Mm-hm
more New Edens?
»> Mm-hmm,
»> Mm-hmm, t
more New Edens?
»> Mm-hmm, tha
»> Mm-hmm, that'
more New Edens?
»> Mm-hmm, that's
»> Mm-hmm, that's ou
more New Edens?
»> Mm-hmm, that's our-
»> Mm-hmm, that's our--
>» Mm-hmm, that's our--
th
that
>» Mm-hmm, that's our--
that's
that's o
>» Mm-hmm, that's our--
that's our
that's our g
>» Mm-hmm, that's our--
that's our goa
that's our goal,
>» Mm-hmm, that's our--
that's our goal, y
that's our goal, yes
>» Mm-hmm, that's our--
that's our goal, yes.
»>
»> W
that's our goal, yes.
»> Wha
»> What
that's our goal, yes.
»> What ab
»> What abou
that's our goal, yes.
»> What about
»> What about it
that's our goal, yes.
»> What about its
»> What about its si
that's our goal, yes.
»> What about its side
»> What about its side e
that's our goal, yes.
»> What about its side eff
»> What about its side effec
that's our goal, yes.
»> What about its side effects
»> What about its side effects?
>» What about its side effects?
»>
»> W
>» What about its side effects?
»> Wel
»> Well,
>» What about its side effects?
»> Well, t
»> Well, the
>» What about its side effects?
»> Well, the c
»> Well, the com
>» What about its side effects?
»> Well, the compo
»> Well, the compoun
>» What about its side effects?
»> Well, the compound
»> Well, the compound th
>» What about its side effects?
»> Well, the compound that
>» Well, the compound that
cr
crea
>» Well, the compound that
create
created
>» Well, the compound that
created yo
created your
>» Well, the compound that
created your N
created your New
>» Well, the compound that
created your New E
created your New Ede
>» Well, the compound that
created your New Eden,
we
we c
created your New Eden,
we cal
we call
created your New Eden,
we call it
we call it G
created your New Eden,
we call it Gem
we call it Gemin
created your New Eden,
we call it Gemini.
It
It w
we call it Gemini.
It was
It was a
we call it Gemini.
It was an
It was an ea
we call it Gemini.
It was an earl
It was an early,
we call it Gemini.
It was an early, c
It was an early, cru
we call it Gemini.
It was an early, crude
It was an early, crude v
we call it Gemini.
It was an early, crude ver
It was an early, crude versi
we call it Gemini.
It was an early, crude version
of
of w
It was an early, crude version
of wha
of what
It was an early, crude version
of what it
of what it i
It was an early, crude version
of what it is
of what it is no
It was an early, crude version
of what it is now
of what it is now bu
It was an early, crude version
of what it is now but
of what it is now but at
It was an early, crude version
of what it is now but at t
of what it is now but at the
ti
time
of what it is now but at the
time i
time it
of what it is now but at the
time it wa
time it was
of what it is now but at the
time it was a
time it was a br
of what it is now but at the
time it was a brea
time it was a breakt
of what it is now but at the
time it was a breakthr
time it was a breakthrou
of what it is now but at the
time it was a breakthrough
time it was a breakthrough.
Un
Unfo
time it was a breakthrough.
Unfore
Unforese
time it was a breakthrough.
Unforeseen
Unforeseen c
time it was a breakthrough.
Unforeseen che
Unforeseen chemi
time it was a breakthrough.
Unforeseen chemica
Unforeseen chemical
time it was a breakthrough.
Unforeseen chemical re
Unforeseen chemical reac
time it was a breakthrough.
Unforeseen chemical reacti
Unforeseen chemical reaction
time it was a breakthrough.
Unforeseen chemical reactions
pr
prod
Unforeseen chemical reactions
produc
produced
Unforeseen chemical reactions
produced l
produced low
Unforeseen chemical reactions
produced low l
produced low lev
Unforeseen chemical reactions
produced low level
produced low levels
Unforeseen chemical reactions
produced low levels of
produced low levels of t
Unforeseen chemical reactions
produced low levels of tox
produced low levels of toxic
Unforeseen chemical reactions
produced low levels of toxicit
produced low levels of toxicity.
»>
»> W
produced low levels of toxicity.
»> Whi
»> Which
produced low levels of toxicity.
»> Which c
»> Which cau
produced low levels of toxicity.
»> Which cause
»> Which caused
produced low levels of toxicity.
»> Which caused my
»> Which caused my n
produced low levels of toxicity.
»> Which caused my nos
»> Which caused my noseb
produced low levels of toxicity.
»> Which caused my noseble
»> Which caused my nosebleed
produced low levels of toxicity.
»> Which caused my nosebleeds.
>» Which caused my nosebleeds.
»>
»> Y
>» Which caused my nosebleeds.
»> Yes
»> Yes.
>» Yes.
We
We'v
>» Yes.
We've
We've be
>» Yes.
We've been
We've been a
>» Yes.
We've been abl
We've been able
>» Yes.
We've been able to
We've been able to r
>» Yes.
We've been able to ref
We've been able to refin
>» Yes.
We've been able to refine
We've been able to refine Ge
>» Yes.
We've been able to refine Gemi
We've been able to refine Gemini
by
by m
We've been able to refine Gemini
by mon
by monit
We've been able to refine Gemini
by monitor
by monitorin
We've been able to refine Gemini
by monitoring
by monitoring th
We've been able to refine Gemini
by monitoring thes
by monitoring these
We've been able to refine Gemini
by monitoring these sy
by monitoring these symp
We've been able to refine Gemini
by monitoring these sympto
by monitoring these symptoms
in
in o
by monitoring these symptoms
in our
in our s
by monitoring these symptoms
in our sub
in our subje
by monitoring these symptoms
in our subject
in our subjects.
»>
»> S
in our subjects.
»> Sub
»> Subje
in our subjects.
»> Subject
»> Subjects
in our subjects.
»> Subjects wi
»> Subjects with
in our subjects.
»> Subjects with t
»> Subjects with the
in our subjects.
»> Subjects with the s
»> Subjects with the sam
in our subjects.
»> Subjects with the same
>» Subjects with the same
sy
symp
>» Subjects with the same
sympto
symptoms
>» Subjects with the same
symptoms a
symptoms as
>» Subjects with the same
symptoms as mi
symptoms as mine
>» Subjects with the same
symptoms as mine.
»>
»> M
symptoms as mine.
»> Mm-
»> Mm-hm
symptoms as mine.
»> Mm-hmm.
>» Mm-hmm.
»>
»> T
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Thi
»> This
>» Mm-hmm.
»> This wa
»> This was
>» Mm-hmm.
»> This was mo
»> This was more
>» Mm-hmm.
»> This was more t
»> This was more tha
>» Mm-hmm.
»> This was more than
»> This was more than ju
>» Mm-hmm.
»> This was more than just
>» This was more than just
an
anim
>» This was more than just
animal
animal t
>» This was more than just
animal tes
animal testi
>» This was more than just
animal testing
animal testing,
>» This was more than just
animal testing, wa
animal testing, wasn
>» This was more than just
animal testing, wasn't
animal testing, wasn't i
>» This was more than just
animal testing, wasn't it?
♪
Did those people survive?
>»
>» T
>» The
>» There
>» There..
>» There...
th
ther
>» There...
there
there wa
>» There...
there was
there was an
>» There...
there was an i
there was an inc
>» There...
there was an incid
there was an inciden
>» There...
there was an incident.
An
And
there was an incident.
And we
And we h
there was an incident.
And we had
And we had t
there was an incident.
And we had to
And we had to se
there was an incident.
And we had to seal
And we had to seal o
there was an incident.
And we had to seal off
And we had to seal off t
there was an incident.
And we had to seal off the
bo
bott
And we had to seal off the
bottom
bottom f
And we had to seal off the
bottom flo
bottom floor
And we had to seal off the
bottom floors
bottom floors to
And we had to seal off the
bottom floors to c
bottom floors to con
And we had to seal off the
bottom floors to conta
bottom floors to contain
And we had to seal off the
bottom floors to contain i
bottom floors to contain it.
So
Some
bottom floors to contain it.
Some o
Some of
bottom floors to contain it.
Some of my
Some of my c
bottom floors to contain it.
Some of my col
Some of my colle
bottom floors to contain it.
Some of my colleag
Some of my colleague
bottom floors to contain it.
Some of my colleagues
Some of my colleagues we
bottom floors to contain it.
Some of my colleagues were
ex
expo
Some of my colleagues were
expose
exposed.
We
We k
exposed.
We kep
We kept
exposed.
We kept th
We kept them
exposed.
We kept them a
We kept them ali
exposed.
We kept them alive
We kept them alive,
exposed.
We kept them alive, ye
We kept them alive, yes,
exposed.
We kept them alive, yes, a
We kept them alive, yes, and
exposed.
We kept them alive, yes, and i
We kept them alive, yes, and it
wa
was
We kept them alive, yes, and it
was th
was thei
We kept them alive, yes, and it
was their
was their sa
We kept them alive, yes, and it
was their sacr
was their sacrif
We kept them alive, yes, and it
was their sacrific
was their sacrifice
We kept them alive, yes, and it
was their sacrifice th
was their sacrifice that
We kept them alive, yes, and it
was their sacrifice that l
was their sacrifice that led
us
us h
was their sacrifice that led
us her
us here.
was their sacrifice that led
us here...
to
to c
us here...
to com
to compl
us here...
to complet
to complete
us here...
to complete th
to complete the
us here...
to complete the mi
to complete the miss
us here...
to complete the missio
to complete the mission
th
that
to complete the mission
that w
that we
to complete the mission
that we al
that we all
to complete the mission
that we all un
that we all unde
to complete the mission
that we all undert
that we all undertoo
to complete the mission
that we all undertook.
»>
»> S
that we all undertook.
»> So,
»> So, y
that we all undertook.
»> So, you
»> So, your
that we all undertook.
»> So, your da
»> So, your data
that we all undertook.
»> So, your data i
»> So, your data is
that we all undertook.
»> So, your data is in
»> So, your data is inco
that we all undertook.
»> So, your data is incomp
»> So, your data is incomple
that we all undertook.
»> So, your data is incomplete
>» So, your data is incomplete
un
unle
>» So, your data is incomplete
unless
unless y
>» So, your data is incomplete
unless you
unless you t
>» So, your data is incomplete
unless you tes
unless you test
>» So, your data is incomplete
unless you test on
unless you test on s
>» So, your data is incomplete
unless you test on som
unless you test on someb
>» So, your data is incomplete
unless you test on somebod
unless you test on somebody
wh
who
unless you test on somebody
who li
who live
unless you test on somebody
who lived
who lived ou
unless you test on somebody
who lived outs
who lived outsid
unless you test on somebody
who lived outside.
♪
Next time just ask.
Shall we?
♪
(Clattering)
>»
>» A
>» Ah,
>» Ah, t
>» Ah, the
>» Ah, the l
>» Ah, the lea
>» Ah, the leade
>» Ah, the leader.
Is
Isn'
>» Ah, the leader.
Isn't
Isn't th
>» Ah, the leader.
Isn't that
Isn't that r
>» Ah, the leader.
Isn't that rig
Isn't that right
>» Ah, the leader.
Isn't that right?
»>
»> K
Isn't that right?
»> Kar
»> Kari.
>» Kari.
»>
»> O
>» Kari.
»> Oh,
»> Oh, y
>» Kari.
»> Oh, you
»> Oh, you m
>» Kari.
»> Oh, you mad
»> Oh, you made
>» Kari.
»> Oh, you made a
»> Oh, you made a fr
>» Kari.
»> Oh, you made a frie
»> Oh, you made a friend
>» Kari.
»> Oh, you made a friend.
>» Oh, you made a friend.
»>
»> W
>» Oh, you made a friend.
»> We'
»> We're
>» Oh, you made a friend.
»> We're t
»> We're try
>» Oh, you made a friend.
»> We're tryin
»> We're trying
>» Oh, you made a friend.
»> We're trying to
»> We're trying to u
>» Oh, you made a friend.
»> We're trying to use
»> We're trying to use t
>» Oh, you made a friend.
»> We're trying to use the
>» We're trying to use the
el
elev
>» We're trying to use the
elevat
elevator
>» We're trying to use the
elevator s
elevator sha
>» We're trying to use the
elevator shaft
elevator shaft t
>» We're trying to use the
elevator shaft to
elevator shaft to es
>» We're trying to use the
elevator shaft to esca
elevator shaft to escape
>» We're trying to use the
elevator shaft to escape.
If
If w
elevator shaft to escape.
If we
If we ma
elevator shaft to escape.
If we make
If we make i
elevator shaft to escape.
If we make it
If we make it ou
elevator shaft to escape.
If we make it out-
If we make it out--
»>
»> Y
If we make it out--
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
If we make it out--
»> Yeah, t
»> Yeah, tha
If we make it out--
»> Yeah, that'
»> Yeah, that's
If we make it out--
»> Yeah, that's no
»> Yeah, that's not
If we make it out--
»> Yeah, that's not po
»> Yeah, that's not poss
If we make it out--
»> Yeah, that's not possib
»> Yeah, that's not possible
If we make it out--
»> Yeah, that's not possible.
>» Yeah, that's not possible.
»>
»> A
>» Yeah, that's not possible.
»> Any
»> Anyth
>» Yeah, that's not possible.
»> Anythin
»> Anything
>» Yeah, that's not possible.
»> Anything is
»> Anything is p
>» Yeah, that's not possible.
»> Anything is pos
»> Anything is possi
>» Yeah, that's not possible.
»> Anything is possibl
»> Anything is possible.
>» Anything is possible.
Th
The
>» Anything is possible.
The tr
The tric
>» Anything is possible.
The tricky
The tricky b
>» Anything is possible.
The tricky bit
The tricky bit w
>» Anything is possible.
The tricky bit wil
The tricky bit will
>» Anything is possible.
The tricky bit will be
The tricky bit will be c
>» Anything is possible.
The tricky bit will be cli
The tricky bit will be climb
>» Anything is possible.
The tricky bit will be climbin
The tricky bit will be climbing
th
the
The tricky bit will be climbing
the sh
the shaf
The tricky bit will be climbing
the shaft
the shaft to
The tricky bit will be climbing
the shaft to t
the shaft to the
The tricky bit will be climbing
the shaft to the f
the shaft to the flo
The tricky bit will be climbing
the shaft to the floor
the shaft to the floor a
The tricky bit will be climbing
the shaft to the floor abo
the shaft to the floor above
an
and
the shaft to the floor above
and sq
and sque
the shaft to the floor above
and squeez
and squeezin
the shaft to the floor above
and squeezing
and squeezing to
the shaft to the floor above
and squeezing toge
and squeezing togeth
the shaft to the floor above
and squeezing together
and squeezing together t
the shaft to the floor above
and squeezing together to
and squeezing together to le
the shaft to the floor above
and squeezing together to let
th
the
and squeezing together to let
the el
the elev
and squeezing together to let
the elevat
the elevator
and squeezing together to let
the elevator p
the elevator pas
and squeezing together to let
the elevator pass.
Th
Then
the elevator pass.
Then w
Then we
the elevator pass.
Then we cl
Then we clim
the elevator pass.
Then we climb
Then we climb up
the elevator pass.
Then we climb up t
Then we climb up top
the elevator pass.
Then we climb up top o
Then we climb up top of
the elevator pass.
Then we climb up top of it
Then we climb up top of it a
the elevator pass.
Then we climb up top of it and
jo
joyr
Then we climb up top of it and
joyrid
joyride
Then we climb up top of it and
joyride ou
joyride our
Then we climb up top of it and
joyride our wa
joyride our way
Then we climb up top of it and
joyride our way up
joyride our way up a
Then we climb up top of it and
joyride our way up and
joyride our way up and o
Then we climb up top of it and
joyride our way up and out
joyride our way up and out.
(Q
(Qui
joyride our way up and out.
(Quiet
(Quiet c
joyride our way up and out.
(Quiet chu
(Quiet chuck
joyride our way up and out.
(Quiet chuckle
(Quiet chuckle)
»>
»> I
(Quiet chuckle)
»> I k
»> I kno
(Quiet chuckle)
»> I know,
»> I know, b
(Quiet chuckle)
»> I know, but
»> I know, but I
(Quiet chuckle)
»> I know, but I'v
»> I know, but I've
(Quiet chuckle)
»> I know, but I've he
»> I know, but I've hear
(Quiet chuckle)
»> I know, but I've heard
>» I know, but I've heard
cr
craz
>» I know, but I've heard
crazie
crazier
>» I know, but I've heard
crazier th
crazier thin
>» I know, but I've heard
crazier things
crazier things.
»>
»> I
crazier things.
»> I j
»> I jus
crazier things.
»> I just
»> I just ca
crazier things.
»> I just came
»> I just came t
crazier things.
»> I just came to
»> I just came to in
crazier things.
»> I just came to invi
»> I just came to invite
crazier things.
»> I just came to invite y
»> I just came to invite you
>» I just came to invite you
to
to d
>» I just came to invite you
to din
to dinne
>» I just came to invite you
to dinner.
»>
»> T
to dinner.
»> Tha
»> That'
to dinner.
»> That's
»> That's pr
to dinner.
»> That's prob
»> That's probab
to dinner.
»> That's probably
»> That's probably n
to dinner.
»> That's probably not
»> That's probably not a
>» That's probably not a
re
real
>» That's probably not a
really
really g
>» That's probably not a
really goo
really good
>» That's probably not a
really good id
really good idea
>» That's probably not a
really good idea.
Mi
Mili
really good idea.
Milius
Milius i
really good idea.
Milius is
Milius is se
really good idea.
Milius is send
Milius is sendin
really good idea.
Milius is sending
Milius is sending hi
really good idea.
Milius is sending his
Milius is sending his pe
really good idea.
Milius is sending his peop
Milius is sending his people
do
down
Milius is sending his people
down.
»>
»> H
down.
»> How
»> How c
down.
»> How can
»> How can I
down.
»> How can I h
»> How can I hel
down.
»> How can I help?
>» How can I help?
»>
»> Y
>» How can I help?
»> You
»> You g
>» How can I help?
»> You got
»> You got a
>» How can I help?
»> You got any
»> You got any t
>» How can I help?
»> You got any too
»> You got any tools
>» How can I help?
»> You got any tools?
>» You got any tools?
I
I ne
>» You got any tools?
I need
I need s
>» You got any tools?
I need som
I need somet
>» You got any tools?
I need somethi
I need something
>» You got any tools?
I need something t
I need something to
>» You got any tools?
I need something to ja
I need something to jam
>» You got any tools?
I need something to jam in
I need something to jam in t
>» You got any tools?
I need something to jam in the
el
elev
I need something to jam in the
elevat
elevator
I need something to jam in the
elevator d
elevator doo
I need something to jam in the
elevator door.
(Tense instrumental music)
Th
Than
Thanks
Thanks.
»>
»> T
Thanks.
»> The
»> The o
Thanks.
»> The one
»> The one p
Thanks.
»> The one per
»> The one perk
Thanks.
»> The one perk of
»> The one perk of s
Thanks.
»> The one perk of sam
»> The one perk of sampl
Thanks.
»> The one perk of sample
»> The one perk of sample ru
Thanks.
»> The one perk of sample runs
>» The one perk of sample runs
is
is w
>» The one perk of sample runs
is we
is we ge
>» The one perk of sample runs
is we get
is we get to
>» The one perk of sample runs
is we get to t
is we get to thr
>» The one perk of sample runs
is we get to throw
is we get to throw a
fe
feas
is we get to throw a
feast
feast af
is we get to throw a
feast afte
feast after.
In
In c
feast after.
In cas
In case
feast after.
In case yo
In case you
feast after.
In case you re
In case you reth
feast after.
In case you rethin
In case you rethink
feast after.
In case you rethink yo
In case you rethink your
feast after.
In case you rethink your p
In case you rethink your pla
feast after.
In case you rethink your plan.
»>
»> I
In case you rethink your plan.
»> If
»> If we
In case you rethink your plan.
»> If we m
»> If we mak
In case you rethink your plan.
»> If we make
»> If we make it
In case you rethink your plan.
»> If we make it o
»> If we make it out
In case you rethink your plan.
»> If we make it out o
»> If we make it out of
In case you rethink your plan.
»> If we make it out of he
»> If we make it out of here
In case you rethink your plan.
»> If we make it out of here,
>» If we make it out of here,
I
I wi
>» If we make it out of here,
I will
I will--
(K
(Kar
I will--
(Kari
(Kari sc
I will--
(Kari scof
(Kari scoffs
I will--
(Kari scoffs)
♪
>»
>» T
>» The
>» The f
>» The fea
>» The fears
>» The fearsom
>» The fearsome
>» The fearsome re
>» The fearsome revo
>» The fearsome revolu
>» The fearsome revoluti
>» The fearsome revolution
>» The fearsome revolutionar
>» The fearsome revolutionary,
at
atte
>» The fearsome revolutionary,
attemp
attempti
>» The fearsome revolutionary,
attempting
attempting t
>» The fearsome revolutionary,
attempting to
attempting to in
>» The fearsome revolutionary,
attempting to insp
attempting to inspir
>» The fearsome revolutionary,
attempting to inspire
attempting to inspire ho
>» The fearsome revolutionary,
attempting to inspire hope
in
in t
attempting to inspire hope
in the
in the h
attempting to inspire hope
in the hop
in the hopel
attempting to inspire hope
in the hopeles
in the hopeless.
Ri
Rive
in the hopeless.
Riveti
Riveting
in the hopeless.
Riveting s
Riveting stu
in the hopeless.
Riveting stuff
Riveting stuff.
»>
»> L
Riveting stuff.
»> Lay
»> Layto
Riveting stuff.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: S
Riveting stuff.
»> Layton: She
»> Layton: She's
Riveting stuff.
»> Layton: She's n
»> Layton: She's not
Riveting stuff.
»> Layton: She's not h
»> Layton: She's not hop
Riveting stuff.
»> Layton: She's not hopel
»> Layton: She's not hopeles
Riveting stuff.
»> Layton: She's not hopeless.
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
Sh
She
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
She ju
She just
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
She just d
She just doe
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
She just doesn
She just doesn't
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
She just doesn't w
She just doesn't wan
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
She just doesn't want
She just doesn't want to
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
She just doesn't want to l
She just doesn't want to liv
>» Layton: She's not hopeless.
She just doesn't want to live
in
in t
She just doesn't want to live
in the
in their
She just doesn't want to live
in their w
in their wor
She just doesn't want to live
in their world
in their world.
♪
>» Wilford: Nor do I.
(Snap)
Power's cut.
♪
(Clunk)
(Grunt)
♪
(Injector hisses)
(Overlapping chatter)
>» Milius: Good job, here we go.
(Dynamic, tense music)
>»
>» O
>» Onc
>» Once
>» Once a
>» Once a ma
>» Once a man
>» Once a man of
>» Once a man of t
>» Once a man of the
>» Once a man of the p
>» Once a man of the peo
>» Once a man of the peopl
>» Once a man of the people,
dr
driv
>» Once a man of the people,
driven
driven b
>» Once a man of the people,
driven by
driven by co
>» Once a man of the people,
driven by coll
driven by collec
>» Once a man of the people,
driven by collecti
driven by collective
>» Once a man of the people,
driven by collective w
driven by collective wel
>» Once a man of the people,
driven by collective wellb
driven by collective wellbei
>» Once a man of the people,
driven by collective wellbeing
driven by collective wellbeing.
(G
(Gru
driven by collective wellbeing.
(Grunt
(Grunt)
Bu
But
(Grunt)
But on
But on b
(Grunt)
But on bec
But on becom
(Grunt)
But on becomin
But on becoming
(Grunt)
But on becoming a
But on becoming a fa
(Grunt)
But on becoming a fath
But on becoming a father
(Grunt)
But on becoming a father,
But on becoming a father, we
(Grunt)
But on becoming a father, well
But on becoming a father, well,
th
ther
But on becoming a father, well,
there'
there's
But on becoming a father, well,
there's no
there's noth
But on becoming a father, well,
there's nothin
there's nothing
But on becoming a father, well,
there's nothing li
there's nothing like
But on becoming a father, well,
there's nothing like i
there's nothing like it,
is
is t
there's nothing like it,
is the
is there
there's nothing like it,
is there?
»>
»> D
is there?
»> Don
»> Don't
is there?
»> Don't k
»> Don't kid
is there?
»> Don't kid y
»> Don't kid you
is there?
»> Don't kid yours
»> Don't kid yoursel
is there?
»> Don't kid yourself,
»> Don't kid yourself, y
is there?
»> Don't kid yourself, you
»> Don't kid yourself, you d
is there?
»> Don't kid yourself, you don
»> Don't kid yourself, you don't
>» Don't kid yourself, you don't
gi
give
>» Don't kid yourself, you don't
give a
give a s
>» Don't kid yourself, you don't
give a shi
give a shit
>» Don't kid yourself, you don't
give a shit ab
give a shit abou
>» Don't kid yourself, you don't
give a shit about
give a shit about Al
>» Don't kid yourself, you don't
give a shit about Alex
give a shit about Alex o
>» Don't kid yourself, you don't
give a shit about Alex or
an
anyb
give a shit about Alex or
anybod
anybody
give a shit about Alex or
anybody el
anybody else
give a shit about Alex or
anybody else.
»>
»> I
anybody else.
»> I'm
»> I'm n
anybody else.
»> I'm not
»> I'm not t
anybody else.
»> I'm not tal
»> I'm not talki
anybody else.
»> I'm not talking
»> I'm not talking a
anybody else.
»> I'm not talking abo
»> I'm not talking about
anybody else.
»> I'm not talking about A
»> I'm not talking about Ale
anybody else.
»> I'm not talking about Alex.
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It
It's
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It's h
It's how
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It's how I
It's how I f
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It's how I fee
It's how I feel
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It's how I feel ab
It's how I feel abou
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It's how I feel about
It's how I feel about my
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It's how I feel about my t
It's how I feel about my tra
>» I'm not talking about Alex.
It's how I feel about my train
It's how I feel about my trains.
»>
»> Y
It's how I feel about my trains.
»> You
»> You d
It's how I feel about my trains.
»> You do
»> You do kn
It's how I feel about my trains.
»> You do know
»> You do know t
It's how I feel about my trains.
»> You do know tha
»> You do know that'
It's how I feel about my trains.
»> You do know that's
»> You do know that's de
It's how I feel about my trains.
»> You do know that's deme
»> You do know that's dement
It's how I feel about my trains.
»> You do know that's demented
»> You do know that's demented,
>» You do know that's demented,
ri
righ
>» You do know that's demented,
right?
(Tense instrumental music)
>»
>» M
>» Moc
>» Mock
>» Mock me
>» Mock me i
>» Mock me if
>» Mock me if yo
>» Mock me if you
>» Mock me if you li
>» Mock me if you like
>» Mock me if you like.
Bu
But
>» Mock me if you like.
But yo
But you'
>» Mock me if you like.
But you're
But you're h
>» Mock me if you like.
But you're her
But you're here,
>» Mock me if you like.
But you're here, a
But you're here, are
>» Mock me if you like.
But you're here, aren'
But you're here, aren't
>» Mock me if you like.
But you're here, aren't yo
But you're here, aren't you?
Be
Beca
But you're here, aren't you?
Becaus
Because
But you're here, aren't you?
Because I
Because I kn
But you're here, aren't you?
Because I knew
Because I knew y
But you're here, aren't you?
Because I knew you
Because I knew you'd
But you're here, aren't you?
Because I knew you'd t
Because I knew you'd tra
But you're here, aren't you?
Because I knew you'd trade
Bi
Big
Because I knew you'd trade
Big Al
Big Alic
Because I knew you'd trade
Big Alice
Big Alice fo
Because I knew you'd trade
Big Alice for
Big Alice for yo
Because I knew you'd trade
Big Alice for your
Big Alice for your d
Because I knew you'd trade
Big Alice for your dau
Big Alice for your daugh
Because I knew you'd trade
Big Alice for your daughte
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sa
Sacr
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sacrif
Sacrific
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sacrifice
Sacrifice an
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sacrifice anyo
Sacrifice anyone
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sacrifice anyone a
Sacrifice anyone and
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sacrifice anyone and a
Sacrifice anyone and any
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sacrifice anyone and anyth
Sacrifice anyone and anythin
Big Alice for your daughter.
Sacrifice anyone and anything
fo
for
Sacrifice anyone and anything
for yo
for your
Sacrifice anyone and anything
for your o
for your own
Sacrifice anyone and anything
for your own p
for your own per
Sacrifice anyone and anything
for your own perso
for your own persona
Sacrifice anyone and anything
for your own personal
for your own personal in
Sacrifice anyone and anything
for your own personal inte
for your own personal intere
Sacrifice anyone and anything
for your own personal interest
for your own personal interests.
♪
(E
(Ele
(Eleva
(Elevato
(Elevator
(Elevator wh
(Elevator whir
(Elevator whirri
(Elevator whirring
(Elevator whirring)
(C
(Clu
(Elevator whirring)
(Clunk
(Clunk)
»>
»> L
(Clunk)
»> Lay
»> Layto
(Clunk)
»> Layton:
»> Layton: S
(Clunk)
»> Layton: Shi
»> Layton: Shit.
>» Layton: Shit.
»>
»> W
>» Layton: Shit.
»> Wil
»> Wilfo
>» Layton: Shit.
»> Wilford
»> Wilford:
>» Layton: Shit.
»> Wilford: We
»> Wilford: We'r
>» Layton: Shit.
»> Wilford: We're
»> Wilford: We're to
>» Layton: Shit.
»> Wilford: We're too
»> Wilford: We're too la
>» Layton: Shit.
»> Wilford: We're too late
»> Wilford: We're too late.
♪
>» Whoa.
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
(Dramatic instrumental music)
♪
>»
>» T
>» Tri
>» Trist
>» Tristan
>» Tristan:
>» Tristan: Wi
>» Tristan: Will
>» Tristan: Will t
>» Tristan: Will thi
>» Tristan: Will this
>» Tristan: Will this do
>» Tristan: Will this do?
»>
»> I
>» Tristan: Will this do?
»> It'
»> It's
>» Tristan: Will this do?
»> It's pe
»> It's perf
>» Tristan: Will this do?
»> It's perfec
»> It's perfect,
>» Tristan: Will this do?
»> It's perfect, T
»> It's perfect, Tri
>» Tristan: Will this do?
»> It's perfect, Trist
»> It's perfect, Tristan
>» Tristan: Will this do?
»> It's perfect, Tristan,
>» It's perfect, Tristan,
th
than
>» It's perfect, Tristan,
thanks
thanks.
♪
(Quiet scratching)
Wi
With
With t
With thi
With this
With this in
With this insc
With this inscri
With this inscript
With this inscriptio
With this inscription,
we
we p
With this inscription,
we pro
we promi
With this inscription,
we promise
we promise t
With this inscription,
we promise to
we promise to ne
With this inscription,
we promise to neve
we promise to never
With this inscription,
we promise to never fo
we promise to never forg
With this inscription,
we promise to never forget
we promise to never forget t
With this inscription,
we promise to never forget the
sa
sacr
we promise to never forget the
sacrif
sacrific
we promise to never forget the
sacrifice
sacrifice th
we promise to never forget the
sacrifice that
sacrifice that B
we promise to never forget the
sacrifice that Ben
sacrifice that Benne
we promise to never forget the
sacrifice that Bennett
sacrifice that Bennett K
we promise to never forget the
sacrifice that Bennett Kno
sacrifice that Bennett Knox
we promise to never forget the
sacrifice that Bennett Knox ma
sacrifice that Bennett Knox made
to
to f
sacrifice that Bennett Knox made
to fre
to free
sacrifice that Bennett Knox made
to free Bi
to free Big
sacrifice that Bennett Knox made
to free Big Al
to free Big Alic
sacrifice that Bennett Knox made
to free Big Alice,
ou
our
to free Big Alice,
our li
our life
to free Big Alice,
our life s
our life sou
to free Big Alice,
our life sourc
our life source.
Fo
Fore
our life source.
Foreve
Forever
our life source.
Forever bi
Forever bind
our life source.
Forever bindin
Forever binding
our life source.
Forever binding th
Forever binding the
our life source.
Forever binding the En
Forever binding the Engi
our life source.
Forever binding the Engine
Forever binding the Engineer
to
to t
Forever binding the Engineer
to the
to the E
Forever binding the Engineer
to the Eng
to the Engin
Forever binding the Engineer
to the Engine.
to the Engine...
an
and
to the Engine...
and he
and her
to the Engine...
and her et
and her eter
to the Engine...
and her eterna
and her eternal
to the Engine...
and her eternal li
and her eternal ligh
to the Engine...
and her eternal light.
♪
(Wind blowing)
(Tense instrumental music)
♪
>»
>» I
>» I g
>» I got
>» I got t
>» I got the
>» I got the t
>» I got the twi
>» I got the twitc
>» I got the twitchy
>» I got the twitchy f
>» I got the twitchy fer
>» I got the twitchy ferre
>» I got the twitchy ferret
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
ta
talk
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
talk a
talk and
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
talk and I
talk and I t
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
talk and I thr
talk and I threw
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
talk and I threw h
talk and I threw him
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
talk and I threw him i
talk and I threw him in
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
talk and I threw him in lo
talk and I threw him in lock
>» I got the twitchy ferret to
talk and I threw him in lockup
talk and I threw him in lockup.
»>
»> A
talk and I threw him in lockup.
»> And
»> And?
>» And?
»>
»> H
>» And?
»> He
»> He to
>» And?
»> He told
»> He told m
>» And?
»> He told me
»> He told me th
>» And?
»> He told me they
»> He told me they d
>» And?
»> He told me they dug
»> He told me they dug a
>» He told me they dug a
bu
bunc
>» He told me they dug a
bunch
bunch of
>» He told me they dug a
bunch of g
bunch of gra
>» He told me they dug a
bunch of grave
bunch of graves
>» He told me they dug a
bunch of graves ac
bunch of graves acro
>» He told me they dug a
bunch of graves across
th
the
bunch of graves across
the mo
the moun
bunch of graves across
the mounta
the mountain
bunch of graves across
the mountainsi
the mountainside
bunch of graves across
the mountainside.
»>
»> G
the mountainside.
»> Gra
»> Grave
the mountainside.
»> Graves?
>» Graves?
Yo
You
>» Graves?
You ca
You can'
>» Graves?
You can't
You can't di
>» Graves?
You can't dig
You can't dig de
>» Graves?
You can't dig deep
You can't dig deeper
>» Graves?
You can't dig deeper t
You can't dig deeper tha
>» Graves?
You can't dig deeper than
You can't dig deeper than a
fo
foot
You can't dig deeper than a
foot t
foot thr
You can't dig deeper than a
foot throu
foot through
You can't dig deeper than a
foot through t
foot through tha
You can't dig deeper than a
foot through that
foot through that pe
You can't dig deeper than a
foot through that perm
foot through that permaf
You can't dig deeper than a
foot through that permafro
foot through that permafrost
You can't dig deeper than a
foot through that permafrost--
»>
»> Y
foot through that permafrost--
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
foot through that permafrost--
»> Yeah, I
»> Yeah, I k
foot through that permafrost--
»> Yeah, I kno
»> Yeah, I know,
foot through that permafrost--
»> Yeah, I know, W
»> Yeah, I know, Whi
foot through that permafrost--
»> Yeah, I know, Whigg
»> Yeah, I know, Whiggin
foot through that permafrost--
»> Yeah, I know, Whiggins
»> Yeah, I know, Whiggins wa
foot through that permafrost--
»> Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wr
wron
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wrong-
wrong--
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wrong-- th
wrong-- they
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wrong-- they w
wrong-- they wer
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wrong-- they weren
wrong-- they weren't
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wrong-- they weren't d
wrong-- they weren't dig
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wrong-- they weren't diggi
wrong-- they weren't digging
>» Yeah, I know, Whiggins was
wrong-- they weren't digging,
th
they
wrong-- they weren't digging,
they w
they wer
wrong-- they weren't digging,
they were
they were pl
wrong-- they weren't digging,
they were plan
they were planti
wrong-- they weren't digging,
they were planting
they were planting.
»>
»> P
they were planting.
»> Pla
»> Plant
they were planting.
»> Plantin
»> Planting
they were planting.
»> Planting wh
»> Planting what
they were planting.
»> Planting what?
>» Planting what?
»>
»> B
>» Planting what?
»> Bom
»> Bombs
>» Planting what?
»> Bombs,
»> Bombs, ma
>» Planting what?
»> Bombs, mate
»> Bombs, mate.
>» Bombs, mate.
Th
The
>» Bombs, mate.
The en
The enti
>» Bombs, mate.
The entire
The entire m
>» Bombs, mate.
The entire mou
The entire mount
>» Bombs, mate.
The entire mountai
The entire mountains
>» Bombs, mate.
The entire mountainsid
The entire mountainside
is
is r
The entire mountainside
is rig
is rigge
The entire mountainside
is rigged.
Th
They
is rigged.
They'r
They're
is rigged.
They're go
They're gonn
is rigged.
They're gonna
They're gonna bu
is rigged.
They're gonna bury
They're gonna bury t
is rigged.
They're gonna bury the
wh
whol
They're gonna bury the
whole
whole to
They're gonna bury the
whole town
whole town.
♪
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(Q
(Qui
(Quiet
(Quiet c
(Quiet cha
(Quiet chatt
(Quiet chatter
(Quiet chatter)
»>
»> N
(Quiet chatter)
»> Nim
»> Nima:
(Quiet chatter)
»> Nima: S
»> Nima: Sca
(Quiet chatter)
»> Nima: Scan
»> Nima: Scan th
(Quiet chatter)
»> Nima: Scan this
»> Nima: Scan this f
(Quiet chatter)
»> Nima: Scan this for
»> Nima: Scan this for m
(Quiet chatter)
»> Nima: Scan this for me.
>» Nima: Scan this for me.
»>
»> S
>» Nima: Scan this for me.
»> Sol
»> Soldi
>» Nima: Scan this for me.
»> Soldier
»> Soldier:
>» Nima: Scan this for me.
»> Soldier: Ye
»> Soldier: Yes,
>» Nima: Scan this for me.
»> Soldier: Yes, s
»> Soldier: Yes, sir
>» Nima: Scan this for me.
»> Soldier: Yes, sir.
♪
>»
>» C
>» Che
>» Check
>» Check..
>» Check...
ch
chec
>» Check...
check
check th
>» Check...
check the
check the la
>» Check...
check the last
check the last k
>» Check...
check the last key
check the last key-i
>» Check...
check the last key-in
check the last key-in on
>» Check...
check the last key-in on t
check the last key-in on the
wr
wris
check the last key-in on the
wristb
wristban
check the last key-in on the
wristband
wristband un
check the last key-in on the
wristband unde
wristband under
check the last key-in on the
wristband under my
wristband under my n
check the last key-in on the
wristband under my nam
wristband under my name.
(B
(Bee
wristband under my name.
(Beep)
»>
»> S
(Beep)
»> Sol
»> Soldi
(Beep)
»> Soldier
»> Soldier:
(Beep)
»> Soldier: It
»> Soldier: It w
(Beep)
»> Soldier: It was
»> Soldier: It was l
(Beep)
»> Soldier: It was las
»> Soldier: It was last
(Beep)
»> Soldier: It was last us
»> Soldier: It was last used
>» Soldier: It was last used
on
on F
>» Soldier: It was last used
on Flo
on Floor
>» Soldier: It was last used
on Floor 3
on Floor 3,
>» Soldier: It was last used
on Floor 3, si
on Floor 3, sir.
»>
»> S
on Floor 3, sir.
»> Shu
»> Shut
on Floor 3, sir.
»> Shut th
»> Shut the
on Floor 3, sir.
»> Shut the Ea
»> Shut the East
on Floor 3, sir.
»> Shut the East E
»> Shut the East Ele
on Floor 3, sir.
»> Shut the East Eleva
»> Shut the East Elevato
on Floor 3, sir.
»> Shut the East Elevator
>» Shut the East Elevator
do
down
>» Shut the East Elevator
down,
down, no
>» Shut the East Elevator
down, now.
No
Now.
(B
(Bee
Now.
(Beepi
(Beeping
Now.
(Beeping)
»>
»> N
(Beeping)
»> Nim
»> Nima.
(Beeping)
»> Nima...
»> Nima... s
(Beeping)
»> Nima... som
»> Nima... some
(Beeping)
»> Nima... some go
»> Nima... some good
(Beeping)
»> Nima... some good n
»> Nima... some good new
(Beeping)
»> Nima... some good news.
>» Nima... some good news.
Mi
Miss
>» Nima... some good news.
Miss C
Miss Cav
>» Nima... some good news.
Miss Cavil
Miss Cavill'
>» Nima... some good news.
Miss Cavill's
Miss Cavill's sn
>» Nima... some good news.
Miss Cavill's snow
Miss Cavill's snowca
>» Nima... some good news.
Miss Cavill's snowcat
Miss Cavill's snowcat ha
>» Nima... some good news.
Miss Cavill's snowcat has
Miss Cavill's snowcat has be
>» Nima... some good news.
Miss Cavill's snowcat has been
sp
spot
Miss Cavill's snowcat has been
spotte
spotted
Miss Cavill's snowcat has been
spotted th
spotted thre
Miss Cavill's snowcat has been
spotted three
spotted three mi
Miss Cavill's snowcat has been
spotted three mile
spotted three miles
Miss Cavill's snowcat has been
spotted three miles ou
spotted three miles out.
Sh
She
spotted three miles out.
She sh
She shou
spotted three miles out.
She should
She should b
spotted three miles out.
She should be
She should be ar
spotted three miles out.
She should be arri
She should be arrivi
spotted three miles out.
She should be arriving
She should be arriving s
spotted three miles out.
She should be arriving sho
She should be arriving short
spotted three miles out.
She should be arriving shortly
She should be arriving shortly.
Ti
Time
She should be arriving shortly.
Time t
Time to
She should be arriving shortly.
Time to co
Time to comp
She should be arriving shortly.
Time to comple
Time to complete
She should be arriving shortly.
Time to complete t
Time to complete the
She should be arriving shortly.
Time to complete the m
Time to complete the mis
She should be arriving shortly.
Time to complete the missi
Time to complete the mission
She should be arriving shortly.
Time to complete the mission.
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
(Dramatic instrumental music)
♪
(Light musical flourish)